The 52-year-old has engaged in more verbal jousting with his arch-rival by mocking the status of his Fifa award compared to his title of Player of the Century Argentina legend Diego Maradona has reignited his feud with Pele by claiming his recognition from Fifa is "not worth sh*t". Maradona trumped his Brazilian counterpart to the Player of the Century award in 2000, collecting 53 per cent of the internet-based vote, while Pele's achievements were also recognised after he topped a poll of Fifa's "Football Family" at the same ceremony. However, the 52-year-old feels that his rival's award is paled into insignificance by his own. "In 2000 I won the Player of the Century award thanks to the people. Pele was second," he told reporters. "He also came second behind [Aryton] Senna as Brazil's greatest sportsman. "The award that Fifa gave Pele isn't worth sh*t." Meanwhile, the former Argentina boss has also launched a scathing attack on Fifa's president Sepp Blatter and its senior delegates, questioning their competency level when they are "so old that they cannot even drive a car". He added: "The Fifa directors are all over 95 years old! "The people there are so old that they cannot even drive a car, so how do they lead the world of football?"
The 52-year-old has engaged in more verbal jousting with his arch-rival by mocking the status of his Fifa award compared to his title of Player of the Century Argentina legend Diego Maradona has reignited his feud with Pele by claiming his recognition from Fifa is "not worth sh*t". Maradona trumped his Brazilian counterpart to the Player of the Century award in 2000, collecting 53 per cent of the internet-based vote, while Pele's achievements were also recognised after he topped a poll of Fifa's "Football Family" at the same ceremony. However, the 52-year-old feels that his rival's award is paled into insignificance by his own. "In 2000 I won the Player of the Century award thanks to the people. Pele was second," he told reporters. "He also came second behind [Aryton] Senna as Brazil's greatest sportsman. "The award that Fifa gave Pele isn't worth sh*t." Meanwhile, the former Argentina boss has also launched a scathing attack on Fifa's president Sepp Blatter and its senior delegates, questioning their competency level when they are "so old that they cannot even drive a car". He added: "The Fifa directors are all over 95 years old! "The people there are so old that they cannot even drive a car, so how do they lead the world of football?"
The Itaquerão Stadium is located about 23 km from the city center (i.e. - Paulista Avenue), and 29 km from the Congonhas Airport. Subway / CPTM stations named "Corinthians-Itaquera" is located next to the stadium. So, trains may be the best transportation option for the fans. Subway Direction: The Corinthians-Itaquera Station is the last stop of Line 3 (Orange Line) CPTM Direction: You can also get to the Corinthians-Itaquera Station by CPMT (Line E) Taxi: A taxi fair can be expensive. From the Congonhas Airport or City Center (i.e.- Paulista Avenue), the taxi fair can be around BRL 200 or USD 100 with the traffic. The price could drop to a half "if" there is no traffic; however, don't count on it as there is little chance that you will face no traffic in the city during the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
Valencia centre-back Adil Rami will sign for AC Milan in January on loan with an option to buy at the end of the season, the Liga club have confirmed. The France international had become out of favour at Mestalla after a public fall-out that involved him criticising coach Miroslav Djukic and he will not play again for the Spanish side this season. Los Che endured a poor start to the season - with four consecutive defeats - and Rami lashed out on Spanish radio, to which the club responded by removing him from the first team. Valencia then suspended the 27-year-old without pay for a week for his actions as the wheels kicked into motion for his departure to San Siro, and he is already training with the Rossoneri but cannot play for the first team until January. Rami joined Valencia from Lille in 2011 having spent roughly five years at the Ligue 1 club and he has 26 caps for les Bleus since his 2010 debut.
The Bavarians' Spanish coach has been pleasantly surprised by how quickly his new side have adapted to his style and insists there is more to come if his personnel heed his words Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola believes his side will continue to improve once key players recover from injury and his squad continue to accept his managerial decisions. The Bavarians have been without a number of first-team stars in recent weeks with Holger Badstuber, Javi Martinez and Thiago Alcantara all absent while Mario Gotze and Bastian Schweinsteiger have been struggling for fitness. But Guardiola has fired a warning to other Bundesliga sides, insisting that his team can only improve on their early-season showings - if they correctly carry out his instructions. "I am convinced that we will be even better when all the players are fit," he told the club's official magazine. "But we will only be in the hunt for titles at the end of the season if each player accepts my decisions in this great squad. "Otherwise, we have problems. I am a great friend of my players when they accept what I say. I support those who accept my decisions but those who do not want to understand will sit in the stands. I say again: we need all of our players." Guardiola took over from Jupp Heynckes this season and admits that when he got the call to become Bayern coach, he made an instant decision to accept the role. "From the first contact I had with Bayern, I knew within seconds: you have to do it," he said. "I did not want to pass up the opportunity to work here with this great team that the club had put together in the past few years. Had I said no, I might not have been asked again." Bayern sit top of the Bundesliga after eight games and have already demonstrated their class with fine domestic and European displays, most notably a 3-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. And the Spaniard has been pleased with what he has seen from his side so far. "It's not all that important to be top of the table in October, but it's always nice to be there," Guardiola continued. "All that matters at the moment is that we get to grips with our playing style. It's an ongoing process and the performances against Manchester City and Leverkusen show we've already reached a decent level that we want to maintain in the coming weeks. "I'm honestly really surprised how quickly the players have taken my ideas on board. We definitely need more time, but the level is already very, very high ... I'm happy how we're playing."
Brazil 2-0 Zambia: Oscar inspires Selecao to fourth successive win The Chelsea man came off the bench to open scoring in China before Dede put the game to bed six minutes later with his first ever goal for his country Brazil racked up their fourth successive victory by beating Zambia 2-0 in a friendly fixture in Beijing on Tuesday. Luiz Felipe Scolari's men were far from their fluent best but, after a goalless first half, Chelsea midfielder Oscar came off the bench to open the scoring with a deflected effort. Shortly after, the game was put beyond all doubt when Dede notched his first international goal with a close-range header. Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva was handed his first start in nearly two years, while Alexandre Pato and Lucas Moura were also given opportunities. Patrice Beaumelle was in the dugout for Zambia, after taking control on an interim basis following the departure of Herve Renard to Sochaux. Brazil almost made an electric start in the third minute when Neymar's sublime free kick rebounded off the crossbar. Shortly after, his Barcelona team-mate Daniel Alves hit a half-volley that narrowly drifted over the bar. On the 15-minute mark a clever one-two between Ramires and Neymar led to the Chelsea midfielder going one-on-one with Kennedy Mweene only to ultimately put his effort just wide of the post. Emmanuel Mayuka was lively up front for Zambia without causing any real issues for the Brazilian defence and only had a tame effort which was held by Diego Cavalieri. Neymar should have put Brazil ahead in the 37th minute when he looped a header wide from Maxwell's delivery when unmarked in the box. And he was again thwarted on the stroke of half-time with Mweene parrying his left-footed effort for a corner as the sides went in level at the break. Brazil started the second half in lacklustre fashion with Scolari visibly frustrated on the sidelines. David Luiz did go close with a 25-yard free kick but his effort was smartly parried away by Mweene. However, the deadlock was finally broken in the 59th minute, courtesy of substitute Oscar. The Chelsea midfielder cut inside Mayuka on the left before hitting a 20-yard effort that took a huge deflection off Chisambu Lungu and looped over Mweene into the far corner. As Zambia tired, the game was put beyond doubt in the 66th minute when Dede pulled away from his marker to head home Neymar's free kick from six yards. Buoyed by their quick-fire double, Brazil continued to push for a third and Oscar should have done so in the dying stages when after a flowing move he curled an effort straight at Mweene. But the miss made no difference to the final outcome as Brazil extended their winning run to four matches. Scolari will now look ahead to Brazil's friendly clash with Honduras in Miami in November.
Goal takes a look at the sides that can seal their places at international football's greatest show in the coming days With the qualification campaign for the 2014 World Cup approaching its decisive stages, a number of teams will this week be looking to book their tickets for next year's tournament. Hosts Brazil have already been joined by Asian representatives Japan, Australia, Iran and South Korea, European teams Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Belgium and Switzerland, as well as Concacaf outfits USA, Costa Rica and fellow South American sides Argentina and Colombia. Additionally, a number of nations from Africa, Europe, North America and South America can also seal qualification in the coming days. In Europe, Russia will be confident of reaching next year's tournament with just one more game to go in Group F. A draw against Azerbaijan will be enough for Fabio Capello's men to secure top spot ahead of Portugal, while even a defeat could still see them through, with the Seleccao seven goals worse off ahead of Tuesday's encounter versus Luxembourg. Group G is a straight battle between Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece, with the former likely to top the group if they win against Lithuania due to the huge goal difference between the two sides. Greece will only book their ticket for Brazil if they do better than Bosnia or beat Liechtenstein by 18 goals more than the current leaders defeat Lithuania. Elsewhere, England will qualify if they beat Poland, while a draw or loss will only be enough if second-placed Ukraine fail to beat Group H minnows San Marino. Finally in Europe, reigning world champions Spain need one more point to guarantee their ticket to Brazil. If they lose against Georgia, France can only overtake them if they beat Finland by a sufficient margin to better Spain's goal difference. In the Concacaf zone, Honduras are sitting in pole position to secure qualification as a draw versus bottom-side Jamaica will suffice. However, Mexico can overtake them if they lose and the Mexicans bag the full three points versus Costa Rica. In South America, meanwhile, Ecuador meet Chile, with both teams guaranteed to qualify automatically with a draw. Fifth-placed Uruguay can only book their ticket for the World Cup if they beat Argentina and one of Ecuador or Chile win, while they will also have to significantly improve their goal difference (they are four goals behind Chile and six behind Ecuador at present). The African play-offs continue on Wednesday, with Cote d'Ivoire and Nigeria defending a first-leg lead, while Tunisia travel to Cameroon on Thursday after a scoreless draw at the weekend. Oceania representative New Zealand and Asian side Jordan will be closely monitoring the action in North and South America respectively, with the intercontinental play-offs taking place in November.
The former Serie A star is not impressed with the level of modern football and has rallied against the high wages paid to players these days Faustino Asprilla believes referees give Barcelona forward Lionel Messi too much protection on the pitch. The former Colombia international is of the opinion that life was much harder for attackers during his playing days due to the quality of defenders, as well as match officials' tendency to let play continue wherever possible. "When I still played, forwards did not get as much protection from referees. If someone fouls Messi now, people all over the world start crying and complaining," Asprilla told La Gazzetta dello Sport. "I don't remember anyone complaining when defenders had a go at me, Gabriel Batistuta or Marco van Basten. "Life's much easier for attackers these days. There are no defenders like Franco Baresi and Pietro Vierchowod around. I still have nightmares about them." Asprilla then went on to voice his opinion that wages are too high in modern football as he feels only a few players really merit excessive salaries. "Of course, I earned good money, but nowhere near as much as players get now," the 43-year-old explained. "Nowadays even a flop earns per month what someone like Van Basten got in a year. "And I don't exactly see many players of Van Basten's level around ..." Asprilla wore the jerseys of clubs such as Parma, Newcastle United, Palmeiras and Fluminense during his active career.
Retro Liga is a sports brand which has several stores across Brazil and is a big hit with football fans. In the store you will find everything you can imagine, from replica uniforms to key chains, caps, books, and other souvenirs. The historical shirts are exclusive models, accompanied by a card that describes the relevant year of football in vivid detail. Seeking to meet all needs, Liga Retro has women's t-shirts, men's, children's and baby models. The whole family can shop for their team shirts together before going to the stadium. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Roja boss wants his side to finish first in their World Cup qualification group by claiming a point from their clash with Georgia on Saturday Vicente del Bosque has urged his Spain troops to seal top spot in Group I of World Cup qualification for Europe on Tuesday. The world and European champions face Georgia in Albacete in their final clash of the campaign, needing just one point to confirm their automatic place in next summer's tournament. And Del Bosque has ackowledged that his side's campaign has been tough, singling out their home ties with France and Finland, in which they only managed draws. "We are hoping to finish first and we have it in our hands," he told reporters. "We've been through two really bad moments, the game against France at the Vicente Calderon and the one against Finland in Gijon. "We've had moments of great difficulty for those two results. And yet, people are talking about the World Cup as something we've achieved when we're in a moment of trouble. "Georgia are not England or Italy, but we have to finish the job. I'm not calm, even though it's true we only have one step left." Spain's forwards have come under scrutiny over the course of the last year, with la Roja having found the net just 12 times in their seven games, but Del Bosque is convinced of the quality at his disposal. "It's not right to blame the forwards. [Roberto] Soldado is at Tottenham, Alvaro Negredo is at City, who paid a lot of money for him, [Fernando] Torres has had a great career." Spain and Georgia kick off at 21:00CET on Tuesday. Second-placed France, who sit three points behind la Roja, host Finland.
The festival of dreams that is the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ will enchant the world. At PAINT STADIUM, we're holding another competition to get the world excited: the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST. If your dream is to score with a bicycle kick, draw it and submit it to PAINT STADIUM. Your illustrations will help to make the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ even more exciting! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
Gareth Bale's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has launched an attack on Spanish publication Marca, rubbishing reports the sports daily published regarding his client suffering from a slipped disc. The Real Madrid man has yet to feature for a full 90 minutes since becoming the most expensive footballer in history, only turning out in three appearances for Carlo Ancelotti's men. But Barnett has refuted allegations that Bale, who has been out for almost two weeks with a thigh issue, failed his medical before his €100 million transfer in September owing to a slipped disc problem. "I spoke to a reporter from Marca, I told him: ‘It’s complete rubbish,' and yet they still print it," the agent told La Sexta. "Whatever they say is a lie. "He passed the medical, he’s 100 per cent fit, there’s no problem. He’s the most expensive transfer in history; if there was a problem, they [Madrid] would have stopped the transfer. "How stupid and irresponsible of Marca to have run such a stupid story. There is no problem. He has a slight tear in his thigh, he’ll be fit to play hopefully after the internationals. "He [Bale] is angry, not sad. He’s angry that a newspaper can write such rubbish. We won’t be speaking to anybody else about this one story and we will never speak about it ever again, it’s complete rubbish." The 24-year-old has not produced the desired impact in his stint at the Santiago Bernabeu yet, with Ancelotti recently claiming his star's adaptation was being hampered by injury. Following los Blancos' revelation that Bale suffers from a disc bulge, the head of the capital outfit's medical services has insisted that Madrid have nothing to worry about. "You have to put chronic disk protrusions in context of the sporting world," Carlos Diez explained to Cadena SER. "The majority of players suffer from them and it makes sense, because we are talking about players competing at the highest level, who suffer more wear and tear than a normal person. "When Bale had his medical no clinical condition was discovered, just a radiological finding. There’s no threat that he will need surgery. "Bale played last season in the Premier League without any problems, he’s trained very well with us and we don’t need to give these findings any more importance. "Our view was that the player was ready and therefore there was nothing to report to the president [Florentino Perez]."
South Korea 0-2 Brazil: Neymar and Oscar seal win The Selecao continued their preparations for World Cup 2014 with a routine victory over their Asian hosts on Saturday Goals from Neymar and Oscar saw Brazil chalk up their third straight victory as they saw off South Korea 2-0 at the Seoul World Cup stadium. Luiz Felipe Scolari's side were far from their fluent best on Saturday but still managed to overcome a stubborn challenge from the home side. After a first period devoid of clear-cut chances, Neymar lit up the game with a sublime free-kick on the stroke of half-time. And the encounter was put beyond doubt shortly after the break as Oscar rounded goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong and fired into the open net. Scolari named an attacking starting XI with Neymar and Hulk partnering Jo in a front three. South Korea boss Hong Myung-Bo left Bayer Leverkusen forward Son Heung-Min on the bench, although Sunderland midfielder Ki Sung-Yeung started. Brazil made a lacklustre start to the game and could have gone behind in the third minute when Koo Ja-Cheol fired wide from the left of the box after Ki's neat through ball. The visitors' first glimpse of the Korean goal came when Hulk played a one-two with Jo before shooting, but his strike was smothered by Jung. Chelsea midfielder Oscar then hit a snap shot on the turn from 25-yards that cleared the crossbar. Brazil's failure to create clear-cut chances led to a spell of increased pressure from South Korea. David Luiz crucially headed an exquisite Lee Chung-Yong cross away from Koo, before a surging run from Kim Bo-Kyung resulted in the midfielder firing straight at Jefferson. But the hosts failed to make this period count and Brazil went ahead in the 44th minute. Neymar was felled by Lee Yong on the right and the Barcelona star picked himself up to curl a superb 25-yard free-kick into the corner on the stroke of half-time. And Scolari’s men doubled their lead four minutes after the interval. Oscar collected a defence-splitting pass from Paulinho and deftly beat the goalkeeper before shooting into the empty goal. Brazil then went close to extending their lead on the hour mark. Neymar's cross caused panic in the South Korea box and Luiz Gustavo made a late run to power a header goalwards with Lee Yong making a crucial deflection. South Korea nearly reduced the arrears from a corner with 20 minutes remaining, but Lee Chung-Yong put his near-post header wide. Hernanes could have added a third in the dying stages, but the Lazio midfielder hit a tame effort straight at Jung from the edge of the box. This made no difference to the result though, as Brazil built on victories over Australia and Portugal in their last two fixtures. Scolari's men will now switch their focus to Tuesday's friendly with Zambia in Beijing.
The PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST has kicked off at PAINT STADIUM, and we're waiting for you to submit your great illustrations. Whether your dream is to be the captain of your country's national team or something even greater, draw it in an illustration and send it to the world. It doesn't matter how skilled an artist you are. We're waiting for your art! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
England 4-1 Montenegro: Townsend caps perfect night for Hodgson The Tottenham forward starred for the Three Lions, with Wayne Rooney opening the scoring and Daniel Sturridge adding late on, while Dejan Damjanovic netted for the visitors Andros Townsend scored on his debut as England beat Montenegro 4-1 at Wembley to take a big step towards qualification for the 2014 World Cup. Wayne Rooney opened the scoring with his sixth goal in Group H on his return to the side and an own goal from Branko Boskovic doubled England's lead. But it was Townsend who stole the show as the Tottenham winger added a third after Dejan Damjanovic had pulled a goal back in the second half. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge scored a late penalty to leave England needing one more win against Poland on Tuesday to secure their place at the showpiece in Brazil next year. Defeat for Montenegro looks certain to have cost them a place at the World Cup, as second-placed Ukraine are three points better off than them with a far superior goal difference. As well as handing a debut to Townsend, England boss Roy Hodgson opted to pair Premier League top scorer Sturridge with Rooney in attack. Montenegro were without captain Mirko Vucinic, defenders Miodrag Dzudovic and Marko Basa as well as midfielder Milorad Pekovic - but Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic started, while also being handed the captain's armband. With the backing of a vociferous home crowd at Wembley, England started brightly and created several half-chances before Leighton Baines did well to win the ball back and pick out Welbeck from the byline. The forward fired straight at goalkeeper Vukasin Poleksic at the near post, however. Meanwhile, Townsend was causing all sorts of problems and he raced away down the right, before cutting in to shoot straight at Poleksic, who palmed the ball invitingly into Rooney’s path. Again, though, the striker could only fire into the side-netting from a tight angle. But Rooney made amends for that miss just two minutes into the second half when he put England in front. Unsurprisingly, Townsend was the architect, driving down the right before providing a cross that was headed into Welbeck’s path and, although the onrushing forward’s shot was saved by Poleksic, Rooney was on hand to tuck the ball home from six yards. England then doubled their lead in bizarre fashion after 61 minutes, when Welbeck raced into the box and fired the ball across the box before Boskovic toed the ball into the far corner of his own net. It was an uncompromising finish. Jovetic was unfortunate not to pull a goal back almost immediately, though, when his vicious right-foot drive from 25 yards out rattled the crossbar. But the visitors did make a game of it with 18 minutes remaining when Damjanovic diverted Fatos Beciraj’s shot into the far corner. England were not to be denied, however, and Townsend added a third with a fine right-foot drive from 20 yards with 12 minutes remaining, before Sturridge put the icing on the cake with a penalty in stoppage time. He was upended close to the byline by Ivan Kecojevic - but there was no stopping his composed spot-kick.
A typical snack of São Paulo, 'Pastel da Maria' was elected several times as the best in town. With superb quality and freshly baked products always available, it is very difficult to eat just one. Customers will find everything in the extensive menu: savory pasteis, special pasteis (with exclusive recipes) and sweets. All customers, young and old, leave satisfied. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The striker wanted to leave Manchester United this summer and, although he claims he is now "settled", he once again dodged contract questions Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney has revealed his frustration at being asked to play out of position by Sir Alex Ferguson last season, and once again refused to commit his future to the club. Rooney was desperate to leave Old Trafford this summer only to be thwarted by the club's refusal to sell him to a Premier League rival, with Arsenal and Chelsea the two clubs to show firm interest. The England striker has started the season in fine form, scoring five goals in eight games, but although he says he has felt "happy" and "settled" for months he also told of his irritation at not being played up front alongside Robin van Persie. "Everyone at the club knew where I wanted to play and I think that's why I was disappointed," he told reporters. "I got told to play in midfield and I didn't want to. I just think there had to come a point when, for my own career, I had to be a bit selfish really. "I actually felt when I played in midfield I did okay, but I didn't want to play there. I've had no problem in the past playing out of position, but I felt I deserved the right to play in my position and that wasn't happening. "I think, naturally, I was a bit disappointed and maybe that affected some of the games I played. I know myself that last year wasn't my best season but there were times when I was playing in different positions. "I didn't feel I got a consistent run of games up front. Sometimes when you're not playing in one position all the time it's difficult to adapt." Yet despite talking publicly about some of the reasons for his unhappiness at United over the last few months, the 27-year-old also claimed that he never, in fact, had any problems during the transfer window. "To be honest, I've been settled all summer," he added. "I really have been happy all summer. From the outside looking in, it might not have seemed like it, but I have been settled. "My wife had a new child and I'm just delighted to be back playing and injury-free. I've got my head down and worked hard. I've been focused and I've been wanting to prove to people that I am a top player. That's what I've really tried to do." Manchester United rejected two bids for Rooney from Chelsea during pre-season, before Jose Mourinho urged the striker to make his intentions known during the final week of the transfer window. Rooney decided to remain silent, publicly at least, as he quickly realised that the Red Devils were not interested in a sale: "I'm sure the club made that clear," he said. "Obviously there's been a lot of stuff happening and everyone has been waiting for me to say something, but I've spoken to the people who matter at the club and we've known ourselves what was going on. "I didn't want to come out saying anything. I just wanted to concentrate on my football. That's what I've done and that's what I'll continue to do. I'm not going to go around saying: 'I wanted to stay' or 'I wanted to leave'. I'll concentrate on my football and see what happens after that." It is not the first time Rooney, whose contract expires at the end of next season, has used that line to divert awkward questions about his current situation. When asked by ITV if he would be signing a new contract at Old Trafford following a Champions League match in September, the striker flatly stated that he is concentrating on his football. He employed a similar tactic again in Wednesday's press conference. "You can see I'm playing and I'm happy in my football. I'll have more discussions with the club and we'll see what happens from there." Reports at the beginning of the season suggested that Van Persie was unhappy with the playing tactics and high-intensity training implemened by Ferguson's replacement, David Moyes, but Rooney, for one, says he is enjoying life under his former Everton mentor, including the extra workload. "It's a bit different in terms of David Moyes and his staff coming in," he continued. "The training is different, there's a different style, a different way of thinking about how he wants us to play. "Honestly, the training has been so hard. We've done a lot more running. Long running, quicker running, sharper running. "I feel that's really benefited me. I feel as fit as I ever have done. I had a couple of injuries pre-season but I feel great and in good shape. It's a mixture of things, but I am happy and I am enjoying my football."
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema says he is not overly concerned about his current goal drought for France, claiming "it will not last 10 years". The 25-year-old hasn't found the back of the net for les Bleus for 1,217 minutes, but insists he knows that run will end sooner rather than later. "It is true that it's the longest period of my career without scoring, but it will not last 10 years," Benzema told Sport. "I have to keep working hard on my game and not give up, and I know I will reap the rewards. There are various types of number 9. There are those that don't score so much, but that offer other things. I'm in that group. "I don't have it in my head to score, I have it in my head that my team must win. If I score, all the better. Although of course, it is better if I do score." The Real Madrid star also played down claims that he has a poor attitude, insisting he has an unrelenting appetite to play football. "For me, an attitude problem is not wanting to enter the field of play," he continued. "Trust me, I want to play all time so I do not have a bad attitude. "I have to start to work defensively, but I know that above all my main job is to score goals. It's not my job to run all the way to Lloris' area. "However, I run 10 kilometres a game, and so feel that this criticism is undeserved. I run a lot."
PAINT STADIUM, which is bringing even more color to the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, is looking for your entries to the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST with the theme “YOUR FOOTBALL DREAM.” Do you dream of winning the World Cup, or do you have something else in mind? Turn your innermost hope into an illustration. We're waiting for the art that will propel your dream into coming true! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
The superstar forward injured his hamstring during Barcelona's Liga meeting with Almeria at the end of last month and is facing at least another fortnight on the sidelines Lionel Messi will sit out Argentina's World Cup qualifiers against Peru and Uruguay as he is still recovering from a thigh problem. The Barcelona superstar was initially named in coach Alejandro Sabella's preliminary squad for the final two games of qualification. However, with their progression already confirmed, the 26-year-old attacker has been released from the squad to recover from his thigh injury. The Argentine Football Association (AFA) confirmed on their website that Messi, along with Javier Mascherano and Gonzalo Higuain, will not have to meet up with the national team. Mascherano suffered a hamstring injury at the end of September and has missed Barcelona's last three matches. Meanwhile, Higuain was not involved in Napoli's Champions League clash with Arsenal due to a calf injury and he also missed their Serie A victory over Livorno on Sunday. Argentina face Peru on October 11 before travelling to Montevideo four days later to take on Uruguay.
The former Everton manager has had a rocky start to his tenure and "is under a bit of pressure" but the England forward feels that it is the squad who have been underperforming Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney admits that manager David Moyes is "under a bit of pressure" but feels that he and his fellow players are to blame. Despite coming from behind to beat Sunderland on Saturday, the Red Devils are only ninth in the Premier League table after seven games. But Rooney has urged his team-mates to use the comeback against the Black Cats as motivation in the future, and says the squad are still adapting to Moyes' style. "Obviously the manager is under a bit of pressure," Rooney told reporters. "We know as a team it's us who have let him down. We have to pull together for the manager and show the sort of fight we have done here and we'll be fine. "It will be because it's a new manager with different styles and we have to adapt to them," he argued of the drop in results. "We need to do better for him than we have been." Adnan Januzaj was the hero for United at the Stadium of Light. On his first start, the 18-year-old scored twice to turn the game around and the England international was thrilled to see the youngster excel. "He's a great prospect," Rooney enthused. "He takes the ball, he runs at players and he's got great ability. It's great the manager has thrown him into the side, especially with what has happened in the last few games. "There was big pressure on us but the manager has trusted him and he has repaid that. He's very confident - that's great to see. "A lot of the young players who come through are a little bit timid and shy but he looks comfortable and he's confident in his own ability, which you need to be. It was a brave move to play him in the circumstances and we’re delighted it's paid off. "There is a lot of pressure but he seems to thrive on it. We know the ability he has got but you never know how they are going to react when they are thrown into games. "We need to help the younger players and, if we do that, they'll be moments where they come in and win us the game, as has happened here. The experienced lads need to help them emerge into a team."
The opening stadium of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ is under construction, and expected to be more modern, luxurious and affordable than the Maracanã. The Itaquerão is located in the East Zone of São Paulo and will include shops, restaurants, and four thousand parking spaces, all on a plot of just 200,000 m². With enough capacity for 68,000 spectators (including 20,000 removable seats), the Brazilian National Team will open the World Cup here on June 12. They'll play on a natural grass pitch with a special American-made irrigation system, in a stadium with the technological capabilities to promote the world's greatest show to millions of fans. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Portuguese struck a 94th-minute winner to claim all three points for Real after they had looked like losing at Levante, but it was yet another poor performance away from home There was no refereeing controversy this time. Real Madrid's last-gasp win at Elche recently had come about thanks largely to the helping hand of match official Cesar Muniz Fernandez, who awarded a highly-contentious penalty deep into added time. On this occasion, however, it was more Madrid's fight and unwillingness to lie down that brought the reward of a late leveller and, subsequently, a 94th-minute winner. Carlo Ancelotti's side had looked second best for most of the night, twice going behind to a spirited and hard-working Levante side. But like last season, Alvaro Morata popped up with a last-minute effort - this time to level the scores - and Cristiano Ronaldo then hit home via a deflection to seal a sensational 3-2 win. Ronaldo rescued Real's fast-faltering hopes of winning La Liga and the strike spared Ancelotti's blushes, yet it could not hide a multitude of sins on another depressing night's football for the capital club. Marca described Madrid's performance as "dreadful", noting that the team had played with the "spirit" they have always shown - if "little else". "Ronaldo and Morata get Madrid out of intensive care," the paper added. The goal meant much to Madrid's players. Ronaldo removed his shirt to earn a booking he hardly seemed to care about, while goalkeeper Diego Lopez raced off his line and ran down the pitch to join in the wild celebrations. And on the bench, Ancelotti cut a relieved figure. "The victory was very important because it was a very difficult match," the Italian explained. "We never gave in, but we gave two goals away and we need to concentrate better because that made things complicated. But, when our team plays, we can win a game in five minutes..." On the road, however, Madrid have struggled in La Liga all season. An unconvincing 1-0 win at Granada in Real's first away game this term was followed by a 2-2 draw at Villarreal which, on a different night, could eaily have been a defeat. Then came the highly-controversial 2-1 victory at Elche, and now another success achieved in extremis on Saturday. But more worrying than the results, which have been generally good, will be the nature of the performances in those matches. On Saturday, Madrid began poorly and even though they were the better team by the interval, Levante came out stronger again and took the initiative with the first goal and also the third after Sergio Ramos had cancelled out Baba's opener. In the first half, it had looked like Madrid's more technical players held the key to breaking the Levante resolve, yet Ancelotti once again chose to take off the influential Isco and leave on the ineffectual Karim Benzema. To the Italian's credit, however, all three of his substitutions worked out as Morata netted the equaliser, fellow youngster Jese (who did replace the French forward late on) helped set up that goal and Marcelo changed the flow of the match with his penetrating attacks down the left flank. Still, there appeared to be no definite pattern to their game. Madrid, playing against a back line defending deep, needed to generate the play - and they are still struggling to do so. The sheer intensity of the home side caught the visitors off guard, too, and on this evidence, Xabi Alonso cannot return fast enough to add both solidity and creativity to a Madrid midfield which is currently lacking in both departments. And as so often before, Ronaldo was the hero. The Portuguese now has 12 goals from Madrid's opening 10 games in all competitions (matching his best season start, last term, although that included four penalties instead of two) and 50 strikes for club and country in 2013. But it was the result that mattered most for his side as it kept Madrid within five points of Barca (still with a perfect record in the Primera Division) with eight rounds of La Liga completed and ahead of the Clasico clash at Camp Nou later in October. That trip to the Catalan capital will be the greatest test of Madrid's title credentials but, given their continued struggles away from home, Ancelotti's side currently look nowhere near ready to face it.
It was as you were in matchday two of this competition, with Atletico Madrid impressing again, while Greenpeace protestors left Uefa with an awkward moment Juventus' ineptitude strikes again, another Real Madrid forward fires a shot across the bows of Gareth Bale and Atletico Madrid rumble on. Some things haven't changed from matchday one in the Champions League. Galatasaray ensure that the Italian champions must now take at least four points from a relentless Real Madrid, who could count on Angel Di Maria to deliver a match-winning performance against Copenhagen. Meanwhile, slick neighbours Atletico remain perfect in their group following a well-planned 2-1 win over Porto. Arsenal lead the English charge after their hugely impressive win, courtesy of the brilliant Mesut Ozil, against Napoli guaranteed six points from six. Chelsea are back on track after winning at a Steaua Bucharest side sorely lacking Vlad Chiriches. Manchester City's humbling at the hands of Bayern was one for the ages while United did well to hold Shakhtar, ultimately, to a draw. There was no shortage of controversy either. Mario Balotelli's rescue act for AC Milan was prompted by the dubious award of a last-minute penalty against Ajax and Zenit were furious to see Axel Witsel sent off for a seemingly legitimate challenge in the damaging 0-0 draw with Austria Vienna. Here are this week's talking points: Brown in the wrong, again, not Neymar Why should Neymar have to put up with criticism from the Celtic manager, Neil Lennon, and his Scotland counterpart Gordon Strachan after being attacked by Scott Brown on Tuesday night? Lennon told the press in the wake of Barcelona's 1-0 win at Parkhead that the game turned on Brown's red card and referred to Neymar's reputation as a diver as the main reason behind it. Well, there is one simple way to put a stop to all such conjecture: don't kick Neymar in the back. Scott Brown stupidly abdicated his captain's duties, nudging the Brazilian with his foot like a brat, leaving his side to play for half an hour against one of the best teams in the world. What ensued, inevitably, was a Barcelona victory. This season in the Champions League Brown had already stamped on a Shakhter Karagandy player and elbowed Mario Balotelli off the ball in the defeat to Milan, instigating a goal. Why is Celtic's captain behaving so thuggishly, seemingly intent on inflicting damage to his own team? And why is his manager excusing his behaviour, passing the blame to the victim? Even Brown's apology for the Barcelona dismissal was couched in the language of a man failing to grasp the consequence of his actions. In between "I made a mistake" and "I put my team-mates in a difficult position" were phrases like "in the heat of the moment", "I think it was a harsh decision" and "there wasn't a huge amount of contact." Things are hard enough for Celtic in a group containing Barcelona, Milan and Ajax. They do not need the indiscipline of Brown compromising their chances any further. His suspension should be welcomed by the players he can no longer endanger, on both sides. Uefa's relationship with Gazprom put under scrutiny On September 18, Greenpeace activists scaled Gazprom's Prirazlomnaya platform in protest against oil drilling in the Arctic. An AP investigation concluded that at least 5 million tonnes of Russian oil is lost to spillage every year. Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund published a report last month which warned of potential environmental catastrophe in the region in the event of a spill. In response to the scaling of the platform the Russian coastguard seized the Arctic Sunrise ship and towed it to the Murmansk, around 1000 kilometres away, and placed 30 protesters on board under arrest. Russian authorities plan to charge the Greenpeace activists with piracy which carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. There has been worldwide outrage over the detentions and the issue reached the world of football in dramatic circumstances on Tuesday. During the Basel - Schalke match at St Jakob Park, abseilers unveiled a banner carrying the slogan DON'T FOUL THE ARCTIC and calling for the immediate release of the 30 activists. It also, crucially, mentioned by name Gazprom, which is an official Champions League sponsor having signed a deal with Uefa in 2012 for a duration of three seasons. The sums involved were not disclosed but, given the company's 2012 revenue was $152 billion, it was not insignificant. Gazprom, while owning Zenit St Petersburg, also sponsors Schalke as well as Red Star Belgrade and Chelsea. It has become a major player in European football. With Fifa's relationship with the state of Qatar currently under the spotlight and drawing heavy criticism the focus now comes onto Michel Platini's organisation. Not that you would know it. This week no official Uefa highlights package or match report carried news of the protest in Switzerland. Blackout. But those inside the stadium and watching on television know what they saw. It was a moment of acute embarrassment for Uefa and Gazprom and placed under scrutiny the organisation's relationship with an entity seen as unethical and dangerous. Bundesliga clubs can enjoy German Unity Day Representative teams from the Bundesliga can kick back, relax and enjoy a well-deserved day off on German Unity Day today. For the first time in history four competing clubs from Germany won on the same matchday in the Champions League. Borussia Dortmund were back in the groove on Tuesday night with Marco Reus and Robert Lewandowski looking sharp. Schalke, again thanks to their precocious and brilliant playmaker Julian Draxler, achieved victory over a hard-working Basel while on Wednesday Jens Hegeler's stupendous last-minute free-kick earned Bayer Leverkusen the three points at the expense of Real Sociedad. At the vanguard, as usual, were Bayern Munich. If you caught minutes 80-90 without looking at the scoreboard you might have thought City were in with a chance. Bayern, down to 10 men with young substitutes on, tired as their relentless 80-minute press took its toll. What preceded that was the finest spell of football played in Europe this season. It was close to perfection. Happily for the competitiveness of the Bundesliga, Bayern are not, yet, top of the league. That honour goes to Dortmund while Leverkusen are not far behind. With Milan and Juventus drawing and Napoli losing there is only one direction this co-efficient battle is going. German football is in rude health. Cherish record-breaker Giggs while he's still playing "A great source of pride," is how Ryan Giggs described becoming the player with the most appearances in the Champions League. He took his total to 145 in Manchester United's 1-1 draw away at Shakhtar Donetsk. In the match against the Ukrainians he edged past Raul in the all-time ranking. Well, Giggsy, it has been a great source of happiness watching you play football for the past 23 years. Robson, Cantona, Keane, Beckham, Scholes and Sir Alex Ferguson himself have been and gone since Giggs made his debut and now alone he stands as a last link to United's glorious heritage. Here is a player who remains in prime physical condition a month short of his 40th birthday and who has been a model of consistency and professionalism throughout his distinguished career. Despite stacking up the honours year after year his appetite remains undiminished and his willingness to teach younger players shines brightly. The Welshman is living football history and his presence should be cherished where ever he plays between now and his retirement. He's played close to 950 club matches in United's colours. Here's to 1,000. Hot-shot Mitroglou gives Olympiacos hope PSG's destruction of Benfica, inspired by the brilliant Zlatan Ibrahimovic, moved the French champions to six points and seemingly out of sight with two games against Anderlecht to come but it will also have been hailed in Piraeus by Olympiacos. The Greek champions were comprehensively outplayed by the Parisians on matchday one but put themselves in with a fighting chance of progress with a 3-0 smash-and-grab win over the Belgians away from home. The main source of their win was Kostas Mitroglou, the Greece international forward. He scored a hat-trick on the night, the pick of which was his third goal. Late in the game, he caressed the top of the ball with the underside of his left-foot and drove expertly a shot into the top corner with his right. It was the goal of a man in form. Amazingly, it was Mitrogolou's third hat-trick of the season for Olympiacos having already rattled in two for the Super League leaders against Levadiakos and Xanthi. Deprived of the talents of Djamel Abdoun this season, Olympiacos will look to Mitroglou as well as impressive new pair Vladimir Weiss and Javier Saviola for Champions League progression. The games against Benfica are now vital.
The Football Museum is a thematic museum, located in the Stadium Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho. The museum features many interactive audiovisual resources. Pictures of great players such as Pele, Zico and Ronaldo are projected on large screens, and narrated displays introduce important stories in the history of the sport. Club histories are also represented with flags, banners, posters, and other supporter memorabilia. For young people who like technology, a “virtual field” allows visitors to kick an imaginary ball into a 3D goal. There's not enough space available to describe all of incredible content on display at the Football Museum. The best way to discover everything it has to offer is to go yourself. It's a must-see for anyone visiting Sao Paulo. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
David Moyes has again insisted that he is the right man to lead Manchester United after the club suffered their worst start to a season in 24 years. The champions have lost three of their opening six Premier League games under the Scot and currently lie 12th in the standings with a return of just seven points. But Moyes, who succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson's 26-and-a-half year reign in June, has confidence in his abilities and those of the United squad as he looks to climb at the table. "I'm sure United know they picked the right man for the job and Sir Alex was part of that process as well," he told reporters on Friday. "They're really good players. They know the standards they've set over the years - together we'll work to get it right. "It's a long season. We'll hang in there and get ourselves as close to the top as soon as we can." United's next test is the trip to the Stadum of Light to face managerless Sunderland. Kevin Ball is taking charge of the Black Cats on a temporary basis and Moyes has warned his squad not to underestimate the struggling side. "It's an important game," he noted. "We want to try and win it so we'll pick a team which we think can get a result. "Kevin is very experienced. They look like they played quite well in the last two games." Wayne Rooney is expected to be fit to face Sunderland on Saturday but Moyes admits that he is unsure of the latest on the striker's shin injury, adding: "I've not seen Wayne this morning so I couldn't give you an update yet."
Swansea 1-0 St Gallen: Routledge & Tremmel keep Swans on track The German goalkeeper saved a weak penalty in the first half before the winger struck soon after the break to continue a fine start to the Europa League for Michael Laudrup's men The sides had gone in level at the break at the Liberty Stadium after Swans goalkeeper Gerhard Tremmel saved Goran Karanovic's penalty following a Dwight Tiendalli handball. However, Wayne Routledge's close-range finish after 52 minutes was enough to give Michael Laudrup's men back-to-back wins in Europe. Swansea made four changes from their opening win over Valencia, with captain Leon Britton and winger Routledge among those to make the starting XI. The Swiss were unchanged from their last Europa League outing, a 2-0 win over Kuban Krasnodar. The first chance of the game fell to the home side, with Michu striking a powerful effort straight at Daniel Lopar after three minutes. The visitors spurned a golden opportunity to move ahead when Karanovic missed a penalty after 15 minutes. Roberto Rodriguez's cross struck the arm of Tiendalli but the spot kick was easily saved by Tremmel after a staggered run-up. Marco Mathys went close shortly after as the visitors gradually grew into the game, rolling an effort past the onrushing goalkeeper and marginally wide of the far post. Swansea came close to taking the lead when Lopar pushed a Jordi Amat header onto the post after 23 minutes following a teasing delivery from Ben Davies - however, nobody was free to poke the loose ball home. Mathys again tested Tremmell just after the half-hour mark, with the German fumbling his fierce long-range effort, before Wilfried Bony had the last chance of the half. After linking well with Michu, the Ivorian fired just wide of Lopar's left-hand post. The home side eventually took the lead when Bony's effort from the right was parried away by Lopar into the path of Routledge. The winger latched on to the loose ball and poked in from close range to edge the home side in front seven minutes into the second half. Substitute Alhassane Keita almost provided a swift reply after but he put the ball over the bar after expertly controlling a long ball from Lopar. Nathan Dyer would have made it two but for a Lopar save 12 minutes from time before Stephane Nater struck Tremmel's left-hand post for the visitors. However, the home side saw out the tie to move top of their group, with Laudrup's charges yet to concede a goal in Europe this season.
The Itaquerão Stadium is located about 23 km from the city center (i.e. - Paulista Avenue), and 29 km from the Congonhas Airport. Subway / CPTM stations named "Corinthians-Itaquera" is located next to the stadium. So, trains may be the best transportation option for the fans. Subway Direction: The Corinthians-Itaquera Station is the last stop of Line 3 (Orange Line) CPTM Direction: You can also get to the Corinthians-Itaquera Station by CPMT (Line E) Taxi: A taxi fair can be expensive. From the Congonhas Airport or City Center (i.e.- Paulista Avenue), the taxi fair can be around BRL 200 or USD 100 with the traffic. The price could drop to a half "if" there is no traffic; however, don't count on it as there is little chance that you will face no traffic in the city during the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The 52-year-old has engaged in more verbal jousting with his arch-rival by mocking the status of his Fifa award compared to his title of Player of the Century Argentina legend Diego Maradona has reignited his feud with Pele by claiming his recognition from Fifa is "not worth sh*t". Maradona trumped his Brazilian counterpart to the Player of the Century award in 2000, collecting 53 per cent of the internet-based vote, while Pele's achievements were also recognised after he topped a poll of Fifa's "Football Family" at the same ceremony. However, the 52-year-old feels that his rival's award is paled into insignificance by his own. "In 2000 I won the Player of the Century award thanks to the people. Pele was second," he told reporters. "He also came second behind [Aryton] Senna as Brazil's greatest sportsman. "The award that Fifa gave Pele isn't worth sh*t." Meanwhile, the former Argentina boss has also launched a scathing attack on Fifa's president Sepp Blatter and its senior delegates, questioning their competency level when they are "so old that they cannot even drive a car". He added: "The Fifa directors are all over 95 years old! "The people there are so old that they cannot even drive a car, so how do they lead the world of football?"
The Itaquerão Stadium is located about 23 km from the city center (i.e. - Paulista Avenue), and 29 km from the Congonhas Airport. Subway / CPTM stations named "Corinthians-Itaquera" is located next to the stadium. So, trains may be the best transportation option for the fans. Subway Direction: The Corinthians-Itaquera Station is the last stop of Line 3 (Orange Line) CPTM Direction: You can also get to the Corinthians-Itaquera Station by CPMT (Line E) Taxi: A taxi fair can be expensive. From the Congonhas Airport or City Center (i.e.- Paulista Avenue), the taxi fair can be around BRL 200 or USD 100 with the traffic. The price could drop to a half "if" there is no traffic; however, don't count on it as there is little chance that you will face no traffic in the city during the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
Valencia centre-back Adil Rami will sign for AC Milan in January on loan with an option to buy at the end of the season, the Liga club have confirmed. The France international had become out of favour at Mestalla after a public fall-out that involved him criticising coach Miroslav Djukic and he will not play again for the Spanish side this season. Los Che endured a poor start to the season - with four consecutive defeats - and Rami lashed out on Spanish radio, to which the club responded by removing him from the first team. Valencia then suspended the 27-year-old without pay for a week for his actions as the wheels kicked into motion for his departure to San Siro, and he is already training with the Rossoneri but cannot play for the first team until January. Rami joined Valencia from Lille in 2011 having spent roughly five years at the Ligue 1 club and he has 26 caps for les Bleus since his 2010 debut.
The Bavarians' Spanish coach has been pleasantly surprised by how quickly his new side have adapted to his style and insists there is more to come if his personnel heed his words Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola believes his side will continue to improve once key players recover from injury and his squad continue to accept his managerial decisions. The Bavarians have been without a number of first-team stars in recent weeks with Holger Badstuber, Javi Martinez and Thiago Alcantara all absent while Mario Gotze and Bastian Schweinsteiger have been struggling for fitness. But Guardiola has fired a warning to other Bundesliga sides, insisting that his team can only improve on their early-season showings - if they correctly carry out his instructions. "I am convinced that we will be even better when all the players are fit," he told the club's official magazine. "But we will only be in the hunt for titles at the end of the season if each player accepts my decisions in this great squad. "Otherwise, we have problems. I am a great friend of my players when they accept what I say. I support those who accept my decisions but those who do not want to understand will sit in the stands. I say again: we need all of our players." Guardiola took over from Jupp Heynckes this season and admits that when he got the call to become Bayern coach, he made an instant decision to accept the role. "From the first contact I had with Bayern, I knew within seconds: you have to do it," he said. "I did not want to pass up the opportunity to work here with this great team that the club had put together in the past few years. Had I said no, I might not have been asked again." Bayern sit top of the Bundesliga after eight games and have already demonstrated their class with fine domestic and European displays, most notably a 3-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. And the Spaniard has been pleased with what he has seen from his side so far. "It's not all that important to be top of the table in October, but it's always nice to be there," Guardiola continued. "All that matters at the moment is that we get to grips with our playing style. It's an ongoing process and the performances against Manchester City and Leverkusen show we've already reached a decent level that we want to maintain in the coming weeks. "I'm honestly really surprised how quickly the players have taken my ideas on board. We definitely need more time, but the level is already very, very high ... I'm happy how we're playing."
Brazil 2-0 Zambia: Oscar inspires Selecao to fourth successive win The Chelsea man came off the bench to open scoring in China before Dede put the game to bed six minutes later with his first ever goal for his country Brazil racked up their fourth successive victory by beating Zambia 2-0 in a friendly fixture in Beijing on Tuesday. Luiz Felipe Scolari's men were far from their fluent best but, after a goalless first half, Chelsea midfielder Oscar came off the bench to open the scoring with a deflected effort. Shortly after, the game was put beyond all doubt when Dede notched his first international goal with a close-range header. Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva was handed his first start in nearly two years, while Alexandre Pato and Lucas Moura were also given opportunities. Patrice Beaumelle was in the dugout for Zambia, after taking control on an interim basis following the departure of Herve Renard to Sochaux. Brazil almost made an electric start in the third minute when Neymar's sublime free kick rebounded off the crossbar. Shortly after, his Barcelona team-mate Daniel Alves hit a half-volley that narrowly drifted over the bar. On the 15-minute mark a clever one-two between Ramires and Neymar led to the Chelsea midfielder going one-on-one with Kennedy Mweene only to ultimately put his effort just wide of the post. Emmanuel Mayuka was lively up front for Zambia without causing any real issues for the Brazilian defence and only had a tame effort which was held by Diego Cavalieri. Neymar should have put Brazil ahead in the 37th minute when he looped a header wide from Maxwell's delivery when unmarked in the box. And he was again thwarted on the stroke of half-time with Mweene parrying his left-footed effort for a corner as the sides went in level at the break. Brazil started the second half in lacklustre fashion with Scolari visibly frustrated on the sidelines. David Luiz did go close with a 25-yard free kick but his effort was smartly parried away by Mweene. However, the deadlock was finally broken in the 59th minute, courtesy of substitute Oscar. The Chelsea midfielder cut inside Mayuka on the left before hitting a 20-yard effort that took a huge deflection off Chisambu Lungu and looped over Mweene into the far corner. As Zambia tired, the game was put beyond doubt in the 66th minute when Dede pulled away from his marker to head home Neymar's free kick from six yards. Buoyed by their quick-fire double, Brazil continued to push for a third and Oscar should have done so in the dying stages when after a flowing move he curled an effort straight at Mweene. But the miss made no difference to the final outcome as Brazil extended their winning run to four matches. Scolari will now look ahead to Brazil's friendly clash with Honduras in Miami in November.
Goal takes a look at the sides that can seal their places at international football's greatest show in the coming days With the qualification campaign for the 2014 World Cup approaching its decisive stages, a number of teams will this week be looking to book their tickets for next year's tournament. Hosts Brazil have already been joined by Asian representatives Japan, Australia, Iran and South Korea, European teams Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Belgium and Switzerland, as well as Concacaf outfits USA, Costa Rica and fellow South American sides Argentina and Colombia. Additionally, a number of nations from Africa, Europe, North America and South America can also seal qualification in the coming days. In Europe, Russia will be confident of reaching next year's tournament with just one more game to go in Group F. A draw against Azerbaijan will be enough for Fabio Capello's men to secure top spot ahead of Portugal, while even a defeat could still see them through, with the Seleccao seven goals worse off ahead of Tuesday's encounter versus Luxembourg. Group G is a straight battle between Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece, with the former likely to top the group if they win against Lithuania due to the huge goal difference between the two sides. Greece will only book their ticket for Brazil if they do better than Bosnia or beat Liechtenstein by 18 goals more than the current leaders defeat Lithuania. Elsewhere, England will qualify if they beat Poland, while a draw or loss will only be enough if second-placed Ukraine fail to beat Group H minnows San Marino. Finally in Europe, reigning world champions Spain need one more point to guarantee their ticket to Brazil. If they lose against Georgia, France can only overtake them if they beat Finland by a sufficient margin to better Spain's goal difference. In the Concacaf zone, Honduras are sitting in pole position to secure qualification as a draw versus bottom-side Jamaica will suffice. However, Mexico can overtake them if they lose and the Mexicans bag the full three points versus Costa Rica. In South America, meanwhile, Ecuador meet Chile, with both teams guaranteed to qualify automatically with a draw. Fifth-placed Uruguay can only book their ticket for the World Cup if they beat Argentina and one of Ecuador or Chile win, while they will also have to significantly improve their goal difference (they are four goals behind Chile and six behind Ecuador at present). The African play-offs continue on Wednesday, with Cote d'Ivoire and Nigeria defending a first-leg lead, while Tunisia travel to Cameroon on Thursday after a scoreless draw at the weekend. Oceania representative New Zealand and Asian side Jordan will be closely monitoring the action in North and South America respectively, with the intercontinental play-offs taking place in November.
The former Serie A star is not impressed with the level of modern football and has rallied against the high wages paid to players these days Faustino Asprilla believes referees give Barcelona forward Lionel Messi too much protection on the pitch. The former Colombia international is of the opinion that life was much harder for attackers during his playing days due to the quality of defenders, as well as match officials' tendency to let play continue wherever possible. "When I still played, forwards did not get as much protection from referees. If someone fouls Messi now, people all over the world start crying and complaining," Asprilla told La Gazzetta dello Sport. "I don't remember anyone complaining when defenders had a go at me, Gabriel Batistuta or Marco van Basten. "Life's much easier for attackers these days. There are no defenders like Franco Baresi and Pietro Vierchowod around. I still have nightmares about them." Asprilla then went on to voice his opinion that wages are too high in modern football as he feels only a few players really merit excessive salaries. "Of course, I earned good money, but nowhere near as much as players get now," the 43-year-old explained. "Nowadays even a flop earns per month what someone like Van Basten got in a year. "And I don't exactly see many players of Van Basten's level around ..." Asprilla wore the jerseys of clubs such as Parma, Newcastle United, Palmeiras and Fluminense during his active career.
Retro Liga is a sports brand which has several stores across Brazil and is a big hit with football fans. In the store you will find everything you can imagine, from replica uniforms to key chains, caps, books, and other souvenirs. The historical shirts are exclusive models, accompanied by a card that describes the relevant year of football in vivid detail. Seeking to meet all needs, Liga Retro has women's t-shirts, men's, children's and baby models. The whole family can shop for their team shirts together before going to the stadium. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Roja boss wants his side to finish first in their World Cup qualification group by claiming a point from their clash with Georgia on Saturday Vicente del Bosque has urged his Spain troops to seal top spot in Group I of World Cup qualification for Europe on Tuesday. The world and European champions face Georgia in Albacete in their final clash of the campaign, needing just one point to confirm their automatic place in next summer's tournament. And Del Bosque has ackowledged that his side's campaign has been tough, singling out their home ties with France and Finland, in which they only managed draws. "We are hoping to finish first and we have it in our hands," he told reporters. "We've been through two really bad moments, the game against France at the Vicente Calderon and the one against Finland in Gijon. "We've had moments of great difficulty for those two results. And yet, people are talking about the World Cup as something we've achieved when we're in a moment of trouble. "Georgia are not England or Italy, but we have to finish the job. I'm not calm, even though it's true we only have one step left." Spain's forwards have come under scrutiny over the course of the last year, with la Roja having found the net just 12 times in their seven games, but Del Bosque is convinced of the quality at his disposal. "It's not right to blame the forwards. [Roberto] Soldado is at Tottenham, Alvaro Negredo is at City, who paid a lot of money for him, [Fernando] Torres has had a great career." Spain and Georgia kick off at 21:00CET on Tuesday. Second-placed France, who sit three points behind la Roja, host Finland.
The festival of dreams that is the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ will enchant the world. At PAINT STADIUM, we're holding another competition to get the world excited: the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST. If your dream is to score with a bicycle kick, draw it and submit it to PAINT STADIUM. Your illustrations will help to make the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ even more exciting! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
Gareth Bale's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has launched an attack on Spanish publication Marca, rubbishing reports the sports daily published regarding his client suffering from a slipped disc. The Real Madrid man has yet to feature for a full 90 minutes since becoming the most expensive footballer in history, only turning out in three appearances for Carlo Ancelotti's men. But Barnett has refuted allegations that Bale, who has been out for almost two weeks with a thigh issue, failed his medical before his €100 million transfer in September owing to a slipped disc problem. "I spoke to a reporter from Marca, I told him: ‘It’s complete rubbish,' and yet they still print it," the agent told La Sexta. "Whatever they say is a lie. "He passed the medical, he’s 100 per cent fit, there’s no problem. He’s the most expensive transfer in history; if there was a problem, they [Madrid] would have stopped the transfer. "How stupid and irresponsible of Marca to have run such a stupid story. There is no problem. He has a slight tear in his thigh, he’ll be fit to play hopefully after the internationals. "He [Bale] is angry, not sad. He’s angry that a newspaper can write such rubbish. We won’t be speaking to anybody else about this one story and we will never speak about it ever again, it’s complete rubbish." The 24-year-old has not produced the desired impact in his stint at the Santiago Bernabeu yet, with Ancelotti recently claiming his star's adaptation was being hampered by injury. Following los Blancos' revelation that Bale suffers from a disc bulge, the head of the capital outfit's medical services has insisted that Madrid have nothing to worry about. "You have to put chronic disk protrusions in context of the sporting world," Carlos Diez explained to Cadena SER. "The majority of players suffer from them and it makes sense, because we are talking about players competing at the highest level, who suffer more wear and tear than a normal person. "When Bale had his medical no clinical condition was discovered, just a radiological finding. There’s no threat that he will need surgery. "Bale played last season in the Premier League without any problems, he’s trained very well with us and we don’t need to give these findings any more importance. "Our view was that the player was ready and therefore there was nothing to report to the president [Florentino Perez]."
South Korea 0-2 Brazil: Neymar and Oscar seal win The Selecao continued their preparations for World Cup 2014 with a routine victory over their Asian hosts on Saturday Goals from Neymar and Oscar saw Brazil chalk up their third straight victory as they saw off South Korea 2-0 at the Seoul World Cup stadium. Luiz Felipe Scolari's side were far from their fluent best on Saturday but still managed to overcome a stubborn challenge from the home side. After a first period devoid of clear-cut chances, Neymar lit up the game with a sublime free-kick on the stroke of half-time. And the encounter was put beyond doubt shortly after the break as Oscar rounded goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong and fired into the open net. Scolari named an attacking starting XI with Neymar and Hulk partnering Jo in a front three. South Korea boss Hong Myung-Bo left Bayer Leverkusen forward Son Heung-Min on the bench, although Sunderland midfielder Ki Sung-Yeung started. Brazil made a lacklustre start to the game and could have gone behind in the third minute when Koo Ja-Cheol fired wide from the left of the box after Ki's neat through ball. The visitors' first glimpse of the Korean goal came when Hulk played a one-two with Jo before shooting, but his strike was smothered by Jung. Chelsea midfielder Oscar then hit a snap shot on the turn from 25-yards that cleared the crossbar. Brazil's failure to create clear-cut chances led to a spell of increased pressure from South Korea. David Luiz crucially headed an exquisite Lee Chung-Yong cross away from Koo, before a surging run from Kim Bo-Kyung resulted in the midfielder firing straight at Jefferson. But the hosts failed to make this period count and Brazil went ahead in the 44th minute. Neymar was felled by Lee Yong on the right and the Barcelona star picked himself up to curl a superb 25-yard free-kick into the corner on the stroke of half-time. And Scolari’s men doubled their lead four minutes after the interval. Oscar collected a defence-splitting pass from Paulinho and deftly beat the goalkeeper before shooting into the empty goal. Brazil then went close to extending their lead on the hour mark. Neymar's cross caused panic in the South Korea box and Luiz Gustavo made a late run to power a header goalwards with Lee Yong making a crucial deflection. South Korea nearly reduced the arrears from a corner with 20 minutes remaining, but Lee Chung-Yong put his near-post header wide. Hernanes could have added a third in the dying stages, but the Lazio midfielder hit a tame effort straight at Jung from the edge of the box. This made no difference to the result though, as Brazil built on victories over Australia and Portugal in their last two fixtures. Scolari's men will now switch their focus to Tuesday's friendly with Zambia in Beijing.
The PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST has kicked off at PAINT STADIUM, and we're waiting for you to submit your great illustrations. Whether your dream is to be the captain of your country's national team or something even greater, draw it in an illustration and send it to the world. It doesn't matter how skilled an artist you are. We're waiting for your art! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
England 4-1 Montenegro: Townsend caps perfect night for Hodgson The Tottenham forward starred for the Three Lions, with Wayne Rooney opening the scoring and Daniel Sturridge adding late on, while Dejan Damjanovic netted for the visitors Andros Townsend scored on his debut as England beat Montenegro 4-1 at Wembley to take a big step towards qualification for the 2014 World Cup. Wayne Rooney opened the scoring with his sixth goal in Group H on his return to the side and an own goal from Branko Boskovic doubled England's lead. But it was Townsend who stole the show as the Tottenham winger added a third after Dejan Damjanovic had pulled a goal back in the second half. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge scored a late penalty to leave England needing one more win against Poland on Tuesday to secure their place at the showpiece in Brazil next year. Defeat for Montenegro looks certain to have cost them a place at the World Cup, as second-placed Ukraine are three points better off than them with a far superior goal difference. As well as handing a debut to Townsend, England boss Roy Hodgson opted to pair Premier League top scorer Sturridge with Rooney in attack. Montenegro were without captain Mirko Vucinic, defenders Miodrag Dzudovic and Marko Basa as well as midfielder Milorad Pekovic - but Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic started, while also being handed the captain's armband. With the backing of a vociferous home crowd at Wembley, England started brightly and created several half-chances before Leighton Baines did well to win the ball back and pick out Welbeck from the byline. The forward fired straight at goalkeeper Vukasin Poleksic at the near post, however. Meanwhile, Townsend was causing all sorts of problems and he raced away down the right, before cutting in to shoot straight at Poleksic, who palmed the ball invitingly into Rooney’s path. Again, though, the striker could only fire into the side-netting from a tight angle. But Rooney made amends for that miss just two minutes into the second half when he put England in front. Unsurprisingly, Townsend was the architect, driving down the right before providing a cross that was headed into Welbeck’s path and, although the onrushing forward’s shot was saved by Poleksic, Rooney was on hand to tuck the ball home from six yards. England then doubled their lead in bizarre fashion after 61 minutes, when Welbeck raced into the box and fired the ball across the box before Boskovic toed the ball into the far corner of his own net. It was an uncompromising finish. Jovetic was unfortunate not to pull a goal back almost immediately, though, when his vicious right-foot drive from 25 yards out rattled the crossbar. But the visitors did make a game of it with 18 minutes remaining when Damjanovic diverted Fatos Beciraj’s shot into the far corner. England were not to be denied, however, and Townsend added a third with a fine right-foot drive from 20 yards with 12 minutes remaining, before Sturridge put the icing on the cake with a penalty in stoppage time. He was upended close to the byline by Ivan Kecojevic - but there was no stopping his composed spot-kick.
A typical snack of São Paulo, 'Pastel da Maria' was elected several times as the best in town. With superb quality and freshly baked products always available, it is very difficult to eat just one. Customers will find everything in the extensive menu: savory pasteis, special pasteis (with exclusive recipes) and sweets. All customers, young and old, leave satisfied. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The striker wanted to leave Manchester United this summer and, although he claims he is now "settled", he once again dodged contract questions Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney has revealed his frustration at being asked to play out of position by Sir Alex Ferguson last season, and once again refused to commit his future to the club. Rooney was desperate to leave Old Trafford this summer only to be thwarted by the club's refusal to sell him to a Premier League rival, with Arsenal and Chelsea the two clubs to show firm interest. The England striker has started the season in fine form, scoring five goals in eight games, but although he says he has felt "happy" and "settled" for months he also told of his irritation at not being played up front alongside Robin van Persie. "Everyone at the club knew where I wanted to play and I think that's why I was disappointed," he told reporters. "I got told to play in midfield and I didn't want to. I just think there had to come a point when, for my own career, I had to be a bit selfish really. "I actually felt when I played in midfield I did okay, but I didn't want to play there. I've had no problem in the past playing out of position, but I felt I deserved the right to play in my position and that wasn't happening. "I think, naturally, I was a bit disappointed and maybe that affected some of the games I played. I know myself that last year wasn't my best season but there were times when I was playing in different positions. "I didn't feel I got a consistent run of games up front. Sometimes when you're not playing in one position all the time it's difficult to adapt." Yet despite talking publicly about some of the reasons for his unhappiness at United over the last few months, the 27-year-old also claimed that he never, in fact, had any problems during the transfer window. "To be honest, I've been settled all summer," he added. "I really have been happy all summer. From the outside looking in, it might not have seemed like it, but I have been settled. "My wife had a new child and I'm just delighted to be back playing and injury-free. I've got my head down and worked hard. I've been focused and I've been wanting to prove to people that I am a top player. That's what I've really tried to do." Manchester United rejected two bids for Rooney from Chelsea during pre-season, before Jose Mourinho urged the striker to make his intentions known during the final week of the transfer window. Rooney decided to remain silent, publicly at least, as he quickly realised that the Red Devils were not interested in a sale: "I'm sure the club made that clear," he said. "Obviously there's been a lot of stuff happening and everyone has been waiting for me to say something, but I've spoken to the people who matter at the club and we've known ourselves what was going on. "I didn't want to come out saying anything. I just wanted to concentrate on my football. That's what I've done and that's what I'll continue to do. I'm not going to go around saying: 'I wanted to stay' or 'I wanted to leave'. I'll concentrate on my football and see what happens after that." It is not the first time Rooney, whose contract expires at the end of next season, has used that line to divert awkward questions about his current situation. When asked by ITV if he would be signing a new contract at Old Trafford following a Champions League match in September, the striker flatly stated that he is concentrating on his football. He employed a similar tactic again in Wednesday's press conference. "You can see I'm playing and I'm happy in my football. I'll have more discussions with the club and we'll see what happens from there." Reports at the beginning of the season suggested that Van Persie was unhappy with the playing tactics and high-intensity training implemened by Ferguson's replacement, David Moyes, but Rooney, for one, says he is enjoying life under his former Everton mentor, including the extra workload. "It's a bit different in terms of David Moyes and his staff coming in," he continued. "The training is different, there's a different style, a different way of thinking about how he wants us to play. "Honestly, the training has been so hard. We've done a lot more running. Long running, quicker running, sharper running. "I feel that's really benefited me. I feel as fit as I ever have done. I had a couple of injuries pre-season but I feel great and in good shape. It's a mixture of things, but I am happy and I am enjoying my football."
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema says he is not overly concerned about his current goal drought for France, claiming "it will not last 10 years". The 25-year-old hasn't found the back of the net for les Bleus for 1,217 minutes, but insists he knows that run will end sooner rather than later. "It is true that it's the longest period of my career without scoring, but it will not last 10 years," Benzema told Sport. "I have to keep working hard on my game and not give up, and I know I will reap the rewards. There are various types of number 9. There are those that don't score so much, but that offer other things. I'm in that group. "I don't have it in my head to score, I have it in my head that my team must win. If I score, all the better. Although of course, it is better if I do score." The Real Madrid star also played down claims that he has a poor attitude, insisting he has an unrelenting appetite to play football. "For me, an attitude problem is not wanting to enter the field of play," he continued. "Trust me, I want to play all time so I do not have a bad attitude. "I have to start to work defensively, but I know that above all my main job is to score goals. It's not my job to run all the way to Lloris' area. "However, I run 10 kilometres a game, and so feel that this criticism is undeserved. I run a lot."
PAINT STADIUM, which is bringing even more color to the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, is looking for your entries to the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST with the theme “YOUR FOOTBALL DREAM.” Do you dream of winning the World Cup, or do you have something else in mind? Turn your innermost hope into an illustration. We're waiting for the art that will propel your dream into coming true! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
The superstar forward injured his hamstring during Barcelona's Liga meeting with Almeria at the end of last month and is facing at least another fortnight on the sidelines Lionel Messi will sit out Argentina's World Cup qualifiers against Peru and Uruguay as he is still recovering from a thigh problem. The Barcelona superstar was initially named in coach Alejandro Sabella's preliminary squad for the final two games of qualification. However, with their progression already confirmed, the 26-year-old attacker has been released from the squad to recover from his thigh injury. The Argentine Football Association (AFA) confirmed on their website that Messi, along with Javier Mascherano and Gonzalo Higuain, will not have to meet up with the national team. Mascherano suffered a hamstring injury at the end of September and has missed Barcelona's last three matches. Meanwhile, Higuain was not involved in Napoli's Champions League clash with Arsenal due to a calf injury and he also missed their Serie A victory over Livorno on Sunday. Argentina face Peru on October 11 before travelling to Montevideo four days later to take on Uruguay.
The former Everton manager has had a rocky start to his tenure and "is under a bit of pressure" but the England forward feels that it is the squad who have been underperforming Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney admits that manager David Moyes is "under a bit of pressure" but feels that he and his fellow players are to blame. Despite coming from behind to beat Sunderland on Saturday, the Red Devils are only ninth in the Premier League table after seven games. But Rooney has urged his team-mates to use the comeback against the Black Cats as motivation in the future, and says the squad are still adapting to Moyes' style. "Obviously the manager is under a bit of pressure," Rooney told reporters. "We know as a team it's us who have let him down. We have to pull together for the manager and show the sort of fight we have done here and we'll be fine. "It will be because it's a new manager with different styles and we have to adapt to them," he argued of the drop in results. "We need to do better for him than we have been." Adnan Januzaj was the hero for United at the Stadium of Light. On his first start, the 18-year-old scored twice to turn the game around and the England international was thrilled to see the youngster excel. "He's a great prospect," Rooney enthused. "He takes the ball, he runs at players and he's got great ability. It's great the manager has thrown him into the side, especially with what has happened in the last few games. "There was big pressure on us but the manager has trusted him and he has repaid that. He's very confident - that's great to see. "A lot of the young players who come through are a little bit timid and shy but he looks comfortable and he's confident in his own ability, which you need to be. It was a brave move to play him in the circumstances and we’re delighted it's paid off. "There is a lot of pressure but he seems to thrive on it. We know the ability he has got but you never know how they are going to react when they are thrown into games. "We need to help the younger players and, if we do that, they'll be moments where they come in and win us the game, as has happened here. The experienced lads need to help them emerge into a team."
The opening stadium of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ is under construction, and expected to be more modern, luxurious and affordable than the Maracanã. The Itaquerão is located in the East Zone of São Paulo and will include shops, restaurants, and four thousand parking spaces, all on a plot of just 200,000 m². With enough capacity for 68,000 spectators (including 20,000 removable seats), the Brazilian National Team will open the World Cup here on June 12. They'll play on a natural grass pitch with a special American-made irrigation system, in a stadium with the technological capabilities to promote the world's greatest show to millions of fans. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Portuguese struck a 94th-minute winner to claim all three points for Real after they had looked like losing at Levante, but it was yet another poor performance away from home There was no refereeing controversy this time. Real Madrid's last-gasp win at Elche recently had come about thanks largely to the helping hand of match official Cesar Muniz Fernandez, who awarded a highly-contentious penalty deep into added time. On this occasion, however, it was more Madrid's fight and unwillingness to lie down that brought the reward of a late leveller and, subsequently, a 94th-minute winner. Carlo Ancelotti's side had looked second best for most of the night, twice going behind to a spirited and hard-working Levante side. But like last season, Alvaro Morata popped up with a last-minute effort - this time to level the scores - and Cristiano Ronaldo then hit home via a deflection to seal a sensational 3-2 win. Ronaldo rescued Real's fast-faltering hopes of winning La Liga and the strike spared Ancelotti's blushes, yet it could not hide a multitude of sins on another depressing night's football for the capital club. Marca described Madrid's performance as "dreadful", noting that the team had played with the "spirit" they have always shown - if "little else". "Ronaldo and Morata get Madrid out of intensive care," the paper added. The goal meant much to Madrid's players. Ronaldo removed his shirt to earn a booking he hardly seemed to care about, while goalkeeper Diego Lopez raced off his line and ran down the pitch to join in the wild celebrations. And on the bench, Ancelotti cut a relieved figure. "The victory was very important because it was a very difficult match," the Italian explained. "We never gave in, but we gave two goals away and we need to concentrate better because that made things complicated. But, when our team plays, we can win a game in five minutes..." On the road, however, Madrid have struggled in La Liga all season. An unconvincing 1-0 win at Granada in Real's first away game this term was followed by a 2-2 draw at Villarreal which, on a different night, could eaily have been a defeat. Then came the highly-controversial 2-1 victory at Elche, and now another success achieved in extremis on Saturday. But more worrying than the results, which have been generally good, will be the nature of the performances in those matches. On Saturday, Madrid began poorly and even though they were the better team by the interval, Levante came out stronger again and took the initiative with the first goal and also the third after Sergio Ramos had cancelled out Baba's opener. In the first half, it had looked like Madrid's more technical players held the key to breaking the Levante resolve, yet Ancelotti once again chose to take off the influential Isco and leave on the ineffectual Karim Benzema. To the Italian's credit, however, all three of his substitutions worked out as Morata netted the equaliser, fellow youngster Jese (who did replace the French forward late on) helped set up that goal and Marcelo changed the flow of the match with his penetrating attacks down the left flank. Still, there appeared to be no definite pattern to their game. Madrid, playing against a back line defending deep, needed to generate the play - and they are still struggling to do so. The sheer intensity of the home side caught the visitors off guard, too, and on this evidence, Xabi Alonso cannot return fast enough to add both solidity and creativity to a Madrid midfield which is currently lacking in both departments. And as so often before, Ronaldo was the hero. The Portuguese now has 12 goals from Madrid's opening 10 games in all competitions (matching his best season start, last term, although that included four penalties instead of two) and 50 strikes for club and country in 2013. But it was the result that mattered most for his side as it kept Madrid within five points of Barca (still with a perfect record in the Primera Division) with eight rounds of La Liga completed and ahead of the Clasico clash at Camp Nou later in October. That trip to the Catalan capital will be the greatest test of Madrid's title credentials but, given their continued struggles away from home, Ancelotti's side currently look nowhere near ready to face it.
It was as you were in matchday two of this competition, with Atletico Madrid impressing again, while Greenpeace protestors left Uefa with an awkward moment Juventus' ineptitude strikes again, another Real Madrid forward fires a shot across the bows of Gareth Bale and Atletico Madrid rumble on. Some things haven't changed from matchday one in the Champions League. Galatasaray ensure that the Italian champions must now take at least four points from a relentless Real Madrid, who could count on Angel Di Maria to deliver a match-winning performance against Copenhagen. Meanwhile, slick neighbours Atletico remain perfect in their group following a well-planned 2-1 win over Porto. Arsenal lead the English charge after their hugely impressive win, courtesy of the brilliant Mesut Ozil, against Napoli guaranteed six points from six. Chelsea are back on track after winning at a Steaua Bucharest side sorely lacking Vlad Chiriches. Manchester City's humbling at the hands of Bayern was one for the ages while United did well to hold Shakhtar, ultimately, to a draw. There was no shortage of controversy either. Mario Balotelli's rescue act for AC Milan was prompted by the dubious award of a last-minute penalty against Ajax and Zenit were furious to see Axel Witsel sent off for a seemingly legitimate challenge in the damaging 0-0 draw with Austria Vienna. Here are this week's talking points: Brown in the wrong, again, not Neymar Why should Neymar have to put up with criticism from the Celtic manager, Neil Lennon, and his Scotland counterpart Gordon Strachan after being attacked by Scott Brown on Tuesday night? Lennon told the press in the wake of Barcelona's 1-0 win at Parkhead that the game turned on Brown's red card and referred to Neymar's reputation as a diver as the main reason behind it. Well, there is one simple way to put a stop to all such conjecture: don't kick Neymar in the back. Scott Brown stupidly abdicated his captain's duties, nudging the Brazilian with his foot like a brat, leaving his side to play for half an hour against one of the best teams in the world. What ensued, inevitably, was a Barcelona victory. This season in the Champions League Brown had already stamped on a Shakhter Karagandy player and elbowed Mario Balotelli off the ball in the defeat to Milan, instigating a goal. Why is Celtic's captain behaving so thuggishly, seemingly intent on inflicting damage to his own team? And why is his manager excusing his behaviour, passing the blame to the victim? Even Brown's apology for the Barcelona dismissal was couched in the language of a man failing to grasp the consequence of his actions. In between "I made a mistake" and "I put my team-mates in a difficult position" were phrases like "in the heat of the moment", "I think it was a harsh decision" and "there wasn't a huge amount of contact." Things are hard enough for Celtic in a group containing Barcelona, Milan and Ajax. They do not need the indiscipline of Brown compromising their chances any further. His suspension should be welcomed by the players he can no longer endanger, on both sides. Uefa's relationship with Gazprom put under scrutiny On September 18, Greenpeace activists scaled Gazprom's Prirazlomnaya platform in protest against oil drilling in the Arctic. An AP investigation concluded that at least 5 million tonnes of Russian oil is lost to spillage every year. Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund published a report last month which warned of potential environmental catastrophe in the region in the event of a spill. In response to the scaling of the platform the Russian coastguard seized the Arctic Sunrise ship and towed it to the Murmansk, around 1000 kilometres away, and placed 30 protesters on board under arrest. Russian authorities plan to charge the Greenpeace activists with piracy which carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. There has been worldwide outrage over the detentions and the issue reached the world of football in dramatic circumstances on Tuesday. During the Basel - Schalke match at St Jakob Park, abseilers unveiled a banner carrying the slogan DON'T FOUL THE ARCTIC and calling for the immediate release of the 30 activists. It also, crucially, mentioned by name Gazprom, which is an official Champions League sponsor having signed a deal with Uefa in 2012 for a duration of three seasons. The sums involved were not disclosed but, given the company's 2012 revenue was $152 billion, it was not insignificant. Gazprom, while owning Zenit St Petersburg, also sponsors Schalke as well as Red Star Belgrade and Chelsea. It has become a major player in European football. With Fifa's relationship with the state of Qatar currently under the spotlight and drawing heavy criticism the focus now comes onto Michel Platini's organisation. Not that you would know it. This week no official Uefa highlights package or match report carried news of the protest in Switzerland. Blackout. But those inside the stadium and watching on television know what they saw. It was a moment of acute embarrassment for Uefa and Gazprom and placed under scrutiny the organisation's relationship with an entity seen as unethical and dangerous. Bundesliga clubs can enjoy German Unity Day Representative teams from the Bundesliga can kick back, relax and enjoy a well-deserved day off on German Unity Day today. For the first time in history four competing clubs from Germany won on the same matchday in the Champions League. Borussia Dortmund were back in the groove on Tuesday night with Marco Reus and Robert Lewandowski looking sharp. Schalke, again thanks to their precocious and brilliant playmaker Julian Draxler, achieved victory over a hard-working Basel while on Wednesday Jens Hegeler's stupendous last-minute free-kick earned Bayer Leverkusen the three points at the expense of Real Sociedad. At the vanguard, as usual, were Bayern Munich. If you caught minutes 80-90 without looking at the scoreboard you might have thought City were in with a chance. Bayern, down to 10 men with young substitutes on, tired as their relentless 80-minute press took its toll. What preceded that was the finest spell of football played in Europe this season. It was close to perfection. Happily for the competitiveness of the Bundesliga, Bayern are not, yet, top of the league. That honour goes to Dortmund while Leverkusen are not far behind. With Milan and Juventus drawing and Napoli losing there is only one direction this co-efficient battle is going. German football is in rude health. Cherish record-breaker Giggs while he's still playing "A great source of pride," is how Ryan Giggs described becoming the player with the most appearances in the Champions League. He took his total to 145 in Manchester United's 1-1 draw away at Shakhtar Donetsk. In the match against the Ukrainians he edged past Raul in the all-time ranking. Well, Giggsy, it has been a great source of happiness watching you play football for the past 23 years. Robson, Cantona, Keane, Beckham, Scholes and Sir Alex Ferguson himself have been and gone since Giggs made his debut and now alone he stands as a last link to United's glorious heritage. Here is a player who remains in prime physical condition a month short of his 40th birthday and who has been a model of consistency and professionalism throughout his distinguished career. Despite stacking up the honours year after year his appetite remains undiminished and his willingness to teach younger players shines brightly. The Welshman is living football history and his presence should be cherished where ever he plays between now and his retirement. He's played close to 950 club matches in United's colours. Here's to 1,000. Hot-shot Mitroglou gives Olympiacos hope PSG's destruction of Benfica, inspired by the brilliant Zlatan Ibrahimovic, moved the French champions to six points and seemingly out of sight with two games against Anderlecht to come but it will also have been hailed in Piraeus by Olympiacos. The Greek champions were comprehensively outplayed by the Parisians on matchday one but put themselves in with a fighting chance of progress with a 3-0 smash-and-grab win over the Belgians away from home. The main source of their win was Kostas Mitroglou, the Greece international forward. He scored a hat-trick on the night, the pick of which was his third goal. Late in the game, he caressed the top of the ball with the underside of his left-foot and drove expertly a shot into the top corner with his right. It was the goal of a man in form. Amazingly, it was Mitrogolou's third hat-trick of the season for Olympiacos having already rattled in two for the Super League leaders against Levadiakos and Xanthi. Deprived of the talents of Djamel Abdoun this season, Olympiacos will look to Mitroglou as well as impressive new pair Vladimir Weiss and Javier Saviola for Champions League progression. The games against Benfica are now vital.
The Football Museum is a thematic museum, located in the Stadium Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho. The museum features many interactive audiovisual resources. Pictures of great players such as Pele, Zico and Ronaldo are projected on large screens, and narrated displays introduce important stories in the history of the sport. Club histories are also represented with flags, banners, posters, and other supporter memorabilia. For young people who like technology, a “virtual field” allows visitors to kick an imaginary ball into a 3D goal. There's not enough space available to describe all of incredible content on display at the Football Museum. The best way to discover everything it has to offer is to go yourself. It's a must-see for anyone visiting Sao Paulo. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
David Moyes has again insisted that he is the right man to lead Manchester United after the club suffered their worst start to a season in 24 years. The champions have lost three of their opening six Premier League games under the Scot and currently lie 12th in the standings with a return of just seven points. But Moyes, who succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson's 26-and-a-half year reign in June, has confidence in his abilities and those of the United squad as he looks to climb at the table. "I'm sure United know they picked the right man for the job and Sir Alex was part of that process as well," he told reporters on Friday. "They're really good players. They know the standards they've set over the years - together we'll work to get it right. "It's a long season. We'll hang in there and get ourselves as close to the top as soon as we can." United's next test is the trip to the Stadum of Light to face managerless Sunderland. Kevin Ball is taking charge of the Black Cats on a temporary basis and Moyes has warned his squad not to underestimate the struggling side. "It's an important game," he noted. "We want to try and win it so we'll pick a team which we think can get a result. "Kevin is very experienced. They look like they played quite well in the last two games." Wayne Rooney is expected to be fit to face Sunderland on Saturday but Moyes admits that he is unsure of the latest on the striker's shin injury, adding: "I've not seen Wayne this morning so I couldn't give you an update yet."
Swansea 1-0 St Gallen: Routledge & Tremmel keep Swans on track The German goalkeeper saved a weak penalty in the first half before the winger struck soon after the break to continue a fine start to the Europa League for Michael Laudrup's men The sides had gone in level at the break at the Liberty Stadium after Swans goalkeeper Gerhard Tremmel saved Goran Karanovic's penalty following a Dwight Tiendalli handball. However, Wayne Routledge's close-range finish after 52 minutes was enough to give Michael Laudrup's men back-to-back wins in Europe. Swansea made four changes from their opening win over Valencia, with captain Leon Britton and winger Routledge among those to make the starting XI. The Swiss were unchanged from their last Europa League outing, a 2-0 win over Kuban Krasnodar. The first chance of the game fell to the home side, with Michu striking a powerful effort straight at Daniel Lopar after three minutes. The visitors spurned a golden opportunity to move ahead when Karanovic missed a penalty after 15 minutes. Roberto Rodriguez's cross struck the arm of Tiendalli but the spot kick was easily saved by Tremmel after a staggered run-up. Marco Mathys went close shortly after as the visitors gradually grew into the game, rolling an effort past the onrushing goalkeeper and marginally wide of the far post. Swansea came close to taking the lead when Lopar pushed a Jordi Amat header onto the post after 23 minutes following a teasing delivery from Ben Davies - however, nobody was free to poke the loose ball home. Mathys again tested Tremmell just after the half-hour mark, with the German fumbling his fierce long-range effort, before Wilfried Bony had the last chance of the half. After linking well with Michu, the Ivorian fired just wide of Lopar's left-hand post. The home side eventually took the lead when Bony's effort from the right was parried away by Lopar into the path of Routledge. The winger latched on to the loose ball and poked in from close range to edge the home side in front seven minutes into the second half. Substitute Alhassane Keita almost provided a swift reply after but he put the ball over the bar after expertly controlling a long ball from Lopar. Nathan Dyer would have made it two but for a Lopar save 12 minutes from time before Stephane Nater struck Tremmel's left-hand post for the visitors. However, the home side saw out the tie to move top of their group, with Laudrup's charges yet to concede a goal in Europe this season.
Valencia centre-back Adil Rami will sign for AC Milan in January on loan with an option to buy at the end of the season, the Liga club have confirmed. The France international had become out of favour at Mestalla after a public fall-out that involved him criticising coach Miroslav Djukic and he will not play again for the Spanish side this season. Los Che endured a poor start to the season - with four consecutive defeats - and Rami lashed out on Spanish radio, to which the club responded by removing him from the first team. Valencia then suspended the 27-year-old without pay for a week for his actions as the wheels kicked into motion for his departure to San Siro, and he is already training with the Rossoneri but cannot play for the first team until January. Rami joined Valencia from Lille in 2011 having spent roughly five years at the Ligue 1 club and he has 26 caps for les Bleus since his 2010 debut.
The 52-year-old has engaged in more verbal jousting with his arch-rival by mocking the status of his Fifa award compared to his title of Player of the Century Argentina legend Diego Maradona has reignited his feud with Pele by claiming his recognition from Fifa is "not worth sh*t". Maradona trumped his Brazilian counterpart to the Player of the Century award in 2000, collecting 53 per cent of the internet-based vote, while Pele's achievements were also recognised after he topped a poll of Fifa's "Football Family" at the same ceremony. However, the 52-year-old feels that his rival's award is paled into insignificance by his own. "In 2000 I won the Player of the Century award thanks to the people. Pele was second," he told reporters. "He also came second behind [Aryton] Senna as Brazil's greatest sportsman. "The award that Fifa gave Pele isn't worth sh*t." Meanwhile, the former Argentina boss has also launched a scathing attack on Fifa's president Sepp Blatter and its senior delegates, questioning their competency level when they are "so old that they cannot even drive a car". He added: "The Fifa directors are all over 95 years old! "The people there are so old that they cannot even drive a car, so how do they lead the world of football?"
The Itaquerão Stadium is located about 23 km from the city center (i.e. - Paulista Avenue), and 29 km from the Congonhas Airport. Subway / CPTM stations named "Corinthians-Itaquera" is located next to the stadium. So, trains may be the best transportation option for the fans. Subway Direction: The Corinthians-Itaquera Station is the last stop of Line 3 (Orange Line) CPTM Direction: You can also get to the Corinthians-Itaquera Station by CPMT (Line E) Taxi: A taxi fair can be expensive. From the Congonhas Airport or City Center (i.e.- Paulista Avenue), the taxi fair can be around BRL 200 or USD 100 with the traffic. The price could drop to a half "if" there is no traffic; however, don't count on it as there is little chance that you will face no traffic in the city during the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
Valencia centre-back Adil Rami will sign for AC Milan in January on loan with an option to buy at the end of the season, the Liga club have confirmed. The France international had become out of favour at Mestalla after a public fall-out that involved him criticising coach Miroslav Djukic and he will not play again for the Spanish side this season. Los Che endured a poor start to the season - with four consecutive defeats - and Rami lashed out on Spanish radio, to which the club responded by removing him from the first team. Valencia then suspended the 27-year-old without pay for a week for his actions as the wheels kicked into motion for his departure to San Siro, and he is already training with the Rossoneri but cannot play for the first team until January. Rami joined Valencia from Lille in 2011 having spent roughly five years at the Ligue 1 club and he has 26 caps for les Bleus since his 2010 debut.
The Bavarians' Spanish coach has been pleasantly surprised by how quickly his new side have adapted to his style and insists there is more to come if his personnel heed his words Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola believes his side will continue to improve once key players recover from injury and his squad continue to accept his managerial decisions. The Bavarians have been without a number of first-team stars in recent weeks with Holger Badstuber, Javi Martinez and Thiago Alcantara all absent while Mario Gotze and Bastian Schweinsteiger have been struggling for fitness. But Guardiola has fired a warning to other Bundesliga sides, insisting that his team can only improve on their early-season showings - if they correctly carry out his instructions. "I am convinced that we will be even better when all the players are fit," he told the club's official magazine. "But we will only be in the hunt for titles at the end of the season if each player accepts my decisions in this great squad. "Otherwise, we have problems. I am a great friend of my players when they accept what I say. I support those who accept my decisions but those who do not want to understand will sit in the stands. I say again: we need all of our players." Guardiola took over from Jupp Heynckes this season and admits that when he got the call to become Bayern coach, he made an instant decision to accept the role. "From the first contact I had with Bayern, I knew within seconds: you have to do it," he said. "I did not want to pass up the opportunity to work here with this great team that the club had put together in the past few years. Had I said no, I might not have been asked again." Bayern sit top of the Bundesliga after eight games and have already demonstrated their class with fine domestic and European displays, most notably a 3-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. And the Spaniard has been pleased with what he has seen from his side so far. "It's not all that important to be top of the table in October, but it's always nice to be there," Guardiola continued. "All that matters at the moment is that we get to grips with our playing style. It's an ongoing process and the performances against Manchester City and Leverkusen show we've already reached a decent level that we want to maintain in the coming weeks. "I'm honestly really surprised how quickly the players have taken my ideas on board. We definitely need more time, but the level is already very, very high ... I'm happy how we're playing."
Brazil 2-0 Zambia: Oscar inspires Selecao to fourth successive win The Chelsea man came off the bench to open scoring in China before Dede put the game to bed six minutes later with his first ever goal for his country Brazil racked up their fourth successive victory by beating Zambia 2-0 in a friendly fixture in Beijing on Tuesday. Luiz Felipe Scolari's men were far from their fluent best but, after a goalless first half, Chelsea midfielder Oscar came off the bench to open the scoring with a deflected effort. Shortly after, the game was put beyond all doubt when Dede notched his first international goal with a close-range header. Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva was handed his first start in nearly two years, while Alexandre Pato and Lucas Moura were also given opportunities. Patrice Beaumelle was in the dugout for Zambia, after taking control on an interim basis following the departure of Herve Renard to Sochaux. Brazil almost made an electric start in the third minute when Neymar's sublime free kick rebounded off the crossbar. Shortly after, his Barcelona team-mate Daniel Alves hit a half-volley that narrowly drifted over the bar. On the 15-minute mark a clever one-two between Ramires and Neymar led to the Chelsea midfielder going one-on-one with Kennedy Mweene only to ultimately put his effort just wide of the post. Emmanuel Mayuka was lively up front for Zambia without causing any real issues for the Brazilian defence and only had a tame effort which was held by Diego Cavalieri. Neymar should have put Brazil ahead in the 37th minute when he looped a header wide from Maxwell's delivery when unmarked in the box. And he was again thwarted on the stroke of half-time with Mweene parrying his left-footed effort for a corner as the sides went in level at the break. Brazil started the second half in lacklustre fashion with Scolari visibly frustrated on the sidelines. David Luiz did go close with a 25-yard free kick but his effort was smartly parried away by Mweene. However, the deadlock was finally broken in the 59th minute, courtesy of substitute Oscar. The Chelsea midfielder cut inside Mayuka on the left before hitting a 20-yard effort that took a huge deflection off Chisambu Lungu and looped over Mweene into the far corner. As Zambia tired, the game was put beyond doubt in the 66th minute when Dede pulled away from his marker to head home Neymar's free kick from six yards. Buoyed by their quick-fire double, Brazil continued to push for a third and Oscar should have done so in the dying stages when after a flowing move he curled an effort straight at Mweene. But the miss made no difference to the final outcome as Brazil extended their winning run to four matches. Scolari will now look ahead to Brazil's friendly clash with Honduras in Miami in November.
Goal takes a look at the sides that can seal their places at international football's greatest show in the coming days With the qualification campaign for the 2014 World Cup approaching its decisive stages, a number of teams will this week be looking to book their tickets for next year's tournament. Hosts Brazil have already been joined by Asian representatives Japan, Australia, Iran and South Korea, European teams Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Belgium and Switzerland, as well as Concacaf outfits USA, Costa Rica and fellow South American sides Argentina and Colombia. Additionally, a number of nations from Africa, Europe, North America and South America can also seal qualification in the coming days. In Europe, Russia will be confident of reaching next year's tournament with just one more game to go in Group F. A draw against Azerbaijan will be enough for Fabio Capello's men to secure top spot ahead of Portugal, while even a defeat could still see them through, with the Seleccao seven goals worse off ahead of Tuesday's encounter versus Luxembourg. Group G is a straight battle between Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece, with the former likely to top the group if they win against Lithuania due to the huge goal difference between the two sides. Greece will only book their ticket for Brazil if they do better than Bosnia or beat Liechtenstein by 18 goals more than the current leaders defeat Lithuania. Elsewhere, England will qualify if they beat Poland, while a draw or loss will only be enough if second-placed Ukraine fail to beat Group H minnows San Marino. Finally in Europe, reigning world champions Spain need one more point to guarantee their ticket to Brazil. If they lose against Georgia, France can only overtake them if they beat Finland by a sufficient margin to better Spain's goal difference. In the Concacaf zone, Honduras are sitting in pole position to secure qualification as a draw versus bottom-side Jamaica will suffice. However, Mexico can overtake them if they lose and the Mexicans bag the full three points versus Costa Rica. In South America, meanwhile, Ecuador meet Chile, with both teams guaranteed to qualify automatically with a draw. Fifth-placed Uruguay can only book their ticket for the World Cup if they beat Argentina and one of Ecuador or Chile win, while they will also have to significantly improve their goal difference (they are four goals behind Chile and six behind Ecuador at present). The African play-offs continue on Wednesday, with Cote d'Ivoire and Nigeria defending a first-leg lead, while Tunisia travel to Cameroon on Thursday after a scoreless draw at the weekend. Oceania representative New Zealand and Asian side Jordan will be closely monitoring the action in North and South America respectively, with the intercontinental play-offs taking place in November.
The former Serie A star is not impressed with the level of modern football and has rallied against the high wages paid to players these days Faustino Asprilla believes referees give Barcelona forward Lionel Messi too much protection on the pitch. The former Colombia international is of the opinion that life was much harder for attackers during his playing days due to the quality of defenders, as well as match officials' tendency to let play continue wherever possible. "When I still played, forwards did not get as much protection from referees. If someone fouls Messi now, people all over the world start crying and complaining," Asprilla told La Gazzetta dello Sport. "I don't remember anyone complaining when defenders had a go at me, Gabriel Batistuta or Marco van Basten. "Life's much easier for attackers these days. There are no defenders like Franco Baresi and Pietro Vierchowod around. I still have nightmares about them." Asprilla then went on to voice his opinion that wages are too high in modern football as he feels only a few players really merit excessive salaries. "Of course, I earned good money, but nowhere near as much as players get now," the 43-year-old explained. "Nowadays even a flop earns per month what someone like Van Basten got in a year. "And I don't exactly see many players of Van Basten's level around ..." Asprilla wore the jerseys of clubs such as Parma, Newcastle United, Palmeiras and Fluminense during his active career.
Retro Liga is a sports brand which has several stores across Brazil and is a big hit with football fans. In the store you will find everything you can imagine, from replica uniforms to key chains, caps, books, and other souvenirs. The historical shirts are exclusive models, accompanied by a card that describes the relevant year of football in vivid detail. Seeking to meet all needs, Liga Retro has women's t-shirts, men's, children's and baby models. The whole family can shop for their team shirts together before going to the stadium. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Roja boss wants his side to finish first in their World Cup qualification group by claiming a point from their clash with Georgia on Saturday Vicente del Bosque has urged his Spain troops to seal top spot in Group I of World Cup qualification for Europe on Tuesday. The world and European champions face Georgia in Albacete in their final clash of the campaign, needing just one point to confirm their automatic place in next summer's tournament. And Del Bosque has ackowledged that his side's campaign has been tough, singling out their home ties with France and Finland, in which they only managed draws. "We are hoping to finish first and we have it in our hands," he told reporters. "We've been through two really bad moments, the game against France at the Vicente Calderon and the one against Finland in Gijon. "We've had moments of great difficulty for those two results. And yet, people are talking about the World Cup as something we've achieved when we're in a moment of trouble. "Georgia are not England or Italy, but we have to finish the job. I'm not calm, even though it's true we only have one step left." Spain's forwards have come under scrutiny over the course of the last year, with la Roja having found the net just 12 times in their seven games, but Del Bosque is convinced of the quality at his disposal. "It's not right to blame the forwards. [Roberto] Soldado is at Tottenham, Alvaro Negredo is at City, who paid a lot of money for him, [Fernando] Torres has had a great career." Spain and Georgia kick off at 21:00CET on Tuesday. Second-placed France, who sit three points behind la Roja, host Finland.
The festival of dreams that is the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ will enchant the world. At PAINT STADIUM, we're holding another competition to get the world excited: the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST. If your dream is to score with a bicycle kick, draw it and submit it to PAINT STADIUM. Your illustrations will help to make the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ even more exciting! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
Gareth Bale's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has launched an attack on Spanish publication Marca, rubbishing reports the sports daily published regarding his client suffering from a slipped disc. The Real Madrid man has yet to feature for a full 90 minutes since becoming the most expensive footballer in history, only turning out in three appearances for Carlo Ancelotti's men. But Barnett has refuted allegations that Bale, who has been out for almost two weeks with a thigh issue, failed his medical before his €100 million transfer in September owing to a slipped disc problem. "I spoke to a reporter from Marca, I told him: ‘It’s complete rubbish,' and yet they still print it," the agent told La Sexta. "Whatever they say is a lie. "He passed the medical, he’s 100 per cent fit, there’s no problem. He’s the most expensive transfer in history; if there was a problem, they [Madrid] would have stopped the transfer. "How stupid and irresponsible of Marca to have run such a stupid story. There is no problem. He has a slight tear in his thigh, he’ll be fit to play hopefully after the internationals. "He [Bale] is angry, not sad. He’s angry that a newspaper can write such rubbish. We won’t be speaking to anybody else about this one story and we will never speak about it ever again, it’s complete rubbish." The 24-year-old has not produced the desired impact in his stint at the Santiago Bernabeu yet, with Ancelotti recently claiming his star's adaptation was being hampered by injury. Following los Blancos' revelation that Bale suffers from a disc bulge, the head of the capital outfit's medical services has insisted that Madrid have nothing to worry about. "You have to put chronic disk protrusions in context of the sporting world," Carlos Diez explained to Cadena SER. "The majority of players suffer from them and it makes sense, because we are talking about players competing at the highest level, who suffer more wear and tear than a normal person. "When Bale had his medical no clinical condition was discovered, just a radiological finding. There’s no threat that he will need surgery. "Bale played last season in the Premier League without any problems, he’s trained very well with us and we don’t need to give these findings any more importance. "Our view was that the player was ready and therefore there was nothing to report to the president [Florentino Perez]."
South Korea 0-2 Brazil: Neymar and Oscar seal win The Selecao continued their preparations for World Cup 2014 with a routine victory over their Asian hosts on Saturday Goals from Neymar and Oscar saw Brazil chalk up their third straight victory as they saw off South Korea 2-0 at the Seoul World Cup stadium. Luiz Felipe Scolari's side were far from their fluent best on Saturday but still managed to overcome a stubborn challenge from the home side. After a first period devoid of clear-cut chances, Neymar lit up the game with a sublime free-kick on the stroke of half-time. And the encounter was put beyond doubt shortly after the break as Oscar rounded goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong and fired into the open net. Scolari named an attacking starting XI with Neymar and Hulk partnering Jo in a front three. South Korea boss Hong Myung-Bo left Bayer Leverkusen forward Son Heung-Min on the bench, although Sunderland midfielder Ki Sung-Yeung started. Brazil made a lacklustre start to the game and could have gone behind in the third minute when Koo Ja-Cheol fired wide from the left of the box after Ki's neat through ball. The visitors' first glimpse of the Korean goal came when Hulk played a one-two with Jo before shooting, but his strike was smothered by Jung. Chelsea midfielder Oscar then hit a snap shot on the turn from 25-yards that cleared the crossbar. Brazil's failure to create clear-cut chances led to a spell of increased pressure from South Korea. David Luiz crucially headed an exquisite Lee Chung-Yong cross away from Koo, before a surging run from Kim Bo-Kyung resulted in the midfielder firing straight at Jefferson. But the hosts failed to make this period count and Brazil went ahead in the 44th minute. Neymar was felled by Lee Yong on the right and the Barcelona star picked himself up to curl a superb 25-yard free-kick into the corner on the stroke of half-time. And Scolari’s men doubled their lead four minutes after the interval. Oscar collected a defence-splitting pass from Paulinho and deftly beat the goalkeeper before shooting into the empty goal. Brazil then went close to extending their lead on the hour mark. Neymar's cross caused panic in the South Korea box and Luiz Gustavo made a late run to power a header goalwards with Lee Yong making a crucial deflection. South Korea nearly reduced the arrears from a corner with 20 minutes remaining, but Lee Chung-Yong put his near-post header wide. Hernanes could have added a third in the dying stages, but the Lazio midfielder hit a tame effort straight at Jung from the edge of the box. This made no difference to the result though, as Brazil built on victories over Australia and Portugal in their last two fixtures. Scolari's men will now switch their focus to Tuesday's friendly with Zambia in Beijing.
The PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST has kicked off at PAINT STADIUM, and we're waiting for you to submit your great illustrations. Whether your dream is to be the captain of your country's national team or something even greater, draw it in an illustration and send it to the world. It doesn't matter how skilled an artist you are. We're waiting for your art! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
England 4-1 Montenegro: Townsend caps perfect night for Hodgson The Tottenham forward starred for the Three Lions, with Wayne Rooney opening the scoring and Daniel Sturridge adding late on, while Dejan Damjanovic netted for the visitors Andros Townsend scored on his debut as England beat Montenegro 4-1 at Wembley to take a big step towards qualification for the 2014 World Cup. Wayne Rooney opened the scoring with his sixth goal in Group H on his return to the side and an own goal from Branko Boskovic doubled England's lead. But it was Townsend who stole the show as the Tottenham winger added a third after Dejan Damjanovic had pulled a goal back in the second half. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge scored a late penalty to leave England needing one more win against Poland on Tuesday to secure their place at the showpiece in Brazil next year. Defeat for Montenegro looks certain to have cost them a place at the World Cup, as second-placed Ukraine are three points better off than them with a far superior goal difference. As well as handing a debut to Townsend, England boss Roy Hodgson opted to pair Premier League top scorer Sturridge with Rooney in attack. Montenegro were without captain Mirko Vucinic, defenders Miodrag Dzudovic and Marko Basa as well as midfielder Milorad Pekovic - but Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic started, while also being handed the captain's armband. With the backing of a vociferous home crowd at Wembley, England started brightly and created several half-chances before Leighton Baines did well to win the ball back and pick out Welbeck from the byline. The forward fired straight at goalkeeper Vukasin Poleksic at the near post, however. Meanwhile, Townsend was causing all sorts of problems and he raced away down the right, before cutting in to shoot straight at Poleksic, who palmed the ball invitingly into Rooney’s path. Again, though, the striker could only fire into the side-netting from a tight angle. But Rooney made amends for that miss just two minutes into the second half when he put England in front. Unsurprisingly, Townsend was the architect, driving down the right before providing a cross that was headed into Welbeck’s path and, although the onrushing forward’s shot was saved by Poleksic, Rooney was on hand to tuck the ball home from six yards. England then doubled their lead in bizarre fashion after 61 minutes, when Welbeck raced into the box and fired the ball across the box before Boskovic toed the ball into the far corner of his own net. It was an uncompromising finish. Jovetic was unfortunate not to pull a goal back almost immediately, though, when his vicious right-foot drive from 25 yards out rattled the crossbar. But the visitors did make a game of it with 18 minutes remaining when Damjanovic diverted Fatos Beciraj’s shot into the far corner. England were not to be denied, however, and Townsend added a third with a fine right-foot drive from 20 yards with 12 minutes remaining, before Sturridge put the icing on the cake with a penalty in stoppage time. He was upended close to the byline by Ivan Kecojevic - but there was no stopping his composed spot-kick.
A typical snack of São Paulo, 'Pastel da Maria' was elected several times as the best in town. With superb quality and freshly baked products always available, it is very difficult to eat just one. Customers will find everything in the extensive menu: savory pasteis, special pasteis (with exclusive recipes) and sweets. All customers, young and old, leave satisfied. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The striker wanted to leave Manchester United this summer and, although he claims he is now "settled", he once again dodged contract questions Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney has revealed his frustration at being asked to play out of position by Sir Alex Ferguson last season, and once again refused to commit his future to the club. Rooney was desperate to leave Old Trafford this summer only to be thwarted by the club's refusal to sell him to a Premier League rival, with Arsenal and Chelsea the two clubs to show firm interest. The England striker has started the season in fine form, scoring five goals in eight games, but although he says he has felt "happy" and "settled" for months he also told of his irritation at not being played up front alongside Robin van Persie. "Everyone at the club knew where I wanted to play and I think that's why I was disappointed," he told reporters. "I got told to play in midfield and I didn't want to. I just think there had to come a point when, for my own career, I had to be a bit selfish really. "I actually felt when I played in midfield I did okay, but I didn't want to play there. I've had no problem in the past playing out of position, but I felt I deserved the right to play in my position and that wasn't happening. "I think, naturally, I was a bit disappointed and maybe that affected some of the games I played. I know myself that last year wasn't my best season but there were times when I was playing in different positions. "I didn't feel I got a consistent run of games up front. Sometimes when you're not playing in one position all the time it's difficult to adapt." Yet despite talking publicly about some of the reasons for his unhappiness at United over the last few months, the 27-year-old also claimed that he never, in fact, had any problems during the transfer window. "To be honest, I've been settled all summer," he added. "I really have been happy all summer. From the outside looking in, it might not have seemed like it, but I have been settled. "My wife had a new child and I'm just delighted to be back playing and injury-free. I've got my head down and worked hard. I've been focused and I've been wanting to prove to people that I am a top player. That's what I've really tried to do." Manchester United rejected two bids for Rooney from Chelsea during pre-season, before Jose Mourinho urged the striker to make his intentions known during the final week of the transfer window. Rooney decided to remain silent, publicly at least, as he quickly realised that the Red Devils were not interested in a sale: "I'm sure the club made that clear," he said. "Obviously there's been a lot of stuff happening and everyone has been waiting for me to say something, but I've spoken to the people who matter at the club and we've known ourselves what was going on. "I didn't want to come out saying anything. I just wanted to concentrate on my football. That's what I've done and that's what I'll continue to do. I'm not going to go around saying: 'I wanted to stay' or 'I wanted to leave'. I'll concentrate on my football and see what happens after that." It is not the first time Rooney, whose contract expires at the end of next season, has used that line to divert awkward questions about his current situation. When asked by ITV if he would be signing a new contract at Old Trafford following a Champions League match in September, the striker flatly stated that he is concentrating on his football. He employed a similar tactic again in Wednesday's press conference. "You can see I'm playing and I'm happy in my football. I'll have more discussions with the club and we'll see what happens from there." Reports at the beginning of the season suggested that Van Persie was unhappy with the playing tactics and high-intensity training implemened by Ferguson's replacement, David Moyes, but Rooney, for one, says he is enjoying life under his former Everton mentor, including the extra workload. "It's a bit different in terms of David Moyes and his staff coming in," he continued. "The training is different, there's a different style, a different way of thinking about how he wants us to play. "Honestly, the training has been so hard. We've done a lot more running. Long running, quicker running, sharper running. "I feel that's really benefited me. I feel as fit as I ever have done. I had a couple of injuries pre-season but I feel great and in good shape. It's a mixture of things, but I am happy and I am enjoying my football."
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema says he is not overly concerned about his current goal drought for France, claiming "it will not last 10 years". The 25-year-old hasn't found the back of the net for les Bleus for 1,217 minutes, but insists he knows that run will end sooner rather than later. "It is true that it's the longest period of my career without scoring, but it will not last 10 years," Benzema told Sport. "I have to keep working hard on my game and not give up, and I know I will reap the rewards. There are various types of number 9. There are those that don't score so much, but that offer other things. I'm in that group. "I don't have it in my head to score, I have it in my head that my team must win. If I score, all the better. Although of course, it is better if I do score." The Real Madrid star also played down claims that he has a poor attitude, insisting he has an unrelenting appetite to play football. "For me, an attitude problem is not wanting to enter the field of play," he continued. "Trust me, I want to play all time so I do not have a bad attitude. "I have to start to work defensively, but I know that above all my main job is to score goals. It's not my job to run all the way to Lloris' area. "However, I run 10 kilometres a game, and so feel that this criticism is undeserved. I run a lot."
PAINT STADIUM, which is bringing even more color to the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, is looking for your entries to the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST with the theme “YOUR FOOTBALL DREAM.” Do you dream of winning the World Cup, or do you have something else in mind? Turn your innermost hope into an illustration. We're waiting for the art that will propel your dream into coming true! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
The superstar forward injured his hamstring during Barcelona's Liga meeting with Almeria at the end of last month and is facing at least another fortnight on the sidelines Lionel Messi will sit out Argentina's World Cup qualifiers against Peru and Uruguay as he is still recovering from a thigh problem. The Barcelona superstar was initially named in coach Alejandro Sabella's preliminary squad for the final two games of qualification. However, with their progression already confirmed, the 26-year-old attacker has been released from the squad to recover from his thigh injury. The Argentine Football Association (AFA) confirmed on their website that Messi, along with Javier Mascherano and Gonzalo Higuain, will not have to meet up with the national team. Mascherano suffered a hamstring injury at the end of September and has missed Barcelona's last three matches. Meanwhile, Higuain was not involved in Napoli's Champions League clash with Arsenal due to a calf injury and he also missed their Serie A victory over Livorno on Sunday. Argentina face Peru on October 11 before travelling to Montevideo four days later to take on Uruguay.
The former Everton manager has had a rocky start to his tenure and "is under a bit of pressure" but the England forward feels that it is the squad who have been underperforming Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney admits that manager David Moyes is "under a bit of pressure" but feels that he and his fellow players are to blame. Despite coming from behind to beat Sunderland on Saturday, the Red Devils are only ninth in the Premier League table after seven games. But Rooney has urged his team-mates to use the comeback against the Black Cats as motivation in the future, and says the squad are still adapting to Moyes' style. "Obviously the manager is under a bit of pressure," Rooney told reporters. "We know as a team it's us who have let him down. We have to pull together for the manager and show the sort of fight we have done here and we'll be fine. "It will be because it's a new manager with different styles and we have to adapt to them," he argued of the drop in results. "We need to do better for him than we have been." Adnan Januzaj was the hero for United at the Stadium of Light. On his first start, the 18-year-old scored twice to turn the game around and the England international was thrilled to see the youngster excel. "He's a great prospect," Rooney enthused. "He takes the ball, he runs at players and he's got great ability. It's great the manager has thrown him into the side, especially with what has happened in the last few games. "There was big pressure on us but the manager has trusted him and he has repaid that. He's very confident - that's great to see. "A lot of the young players who come through are a little bit timid and shy but he looks comfortable and he's confident in his own ability, which you need to be. It was a brave move to play him in the circumstances and we’re delighted it's paid off. "There is a lot of pressure but he seems to thrive on it. We know the ability he has got but you never know how they are going to react when they are thrown into games. "We need to help the younger players and, if we do that, they'll be moments where they come in and win us the game, as has happened here. The experienced lads need to help them emerge into a team."
The opening stadium of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ is under construction, and expected to be more modern, luxurious and affordable than the Maracanã. The Itaquerão is located in the East Zone of São Paulo and will include shops, restaurants, and four thousand parking spaces, all on a plot of just 200,000 m². With enough capacity for 68,000 spectators (including 20,000 removable seats), the Brazilian National Team will open the World Cup here on June 12. They'll play on a natural grass pitch with a special American-made irrigation system, in a stadium with the technological capabilities to promote the world's greatest show to millions of fans. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Portuguese struck a 94th-minute winner to claim all three points for Real after they had looked like losing at Levante, but it was yet another poor performance away from home There was no refereeing controversy this time. Real Madrid's last-gasp win at Elche recently had come about thanks largely to the helping hand of match official Cesar Muniz Fernandez, who awarded a highly-contentious penalty deep into added time. On this occasion, however, it was more Madrid's fight and unwillingness to lie down that brought the reward of a late leveller and, subsequently, a 94th-minute winner. Carlo Ancelotti's side had looked second best for most of the night, twice going behind to a spirited and hard-working Levante side. But like last season, Alvaro Morata popped up with a last-minute effort - this time to level the scores - and Cristiano Ronaldo then hit home via a deflection to seal a sensational 3-2 win. Ronaldo rescued Real's fast-faltering hopes of winning La Liga and the strike spared Ancelotti's blushes, yet it could not hide a multitude of sins on another depressing night's football for the capital club. Marca described Madrid's performance as "dreadful", noting that the team had played with the "spirit" they have always shown - if "little else". "Ronaldo and Morata get Madrid out of intensive care," the paper added. The goal meant much to Madrid's players. Ronaldo removed his shirt to earn a booking he hardly seemed to care about, while goalkeeper Diego Lopez raced off his line and ran down the pitch to join in the wild celebrations. And on the bench, Ancelotti cut a relieved figure. "The victory was very important because it was a very difficult match," the Italian explained. "We never gave in, but we gave two goals away and we need to concentrate better because that made things complicated. But, when our team plays, we can win a game in five minutes..." On the road, however, Madrid have struggled in La Liga all season. An unconvincing 1-0 win at Granada in Real's first away game this term was followed by a 2-2 draw at Villarreal which, on a different night, could eaily have been a defeat. Then came the highly-controversial 2-1 victory at Elche, and now another success achieved in extremis on Saturday. But more worrying than the results, which have been generally good, will be the nature of the performances in those matches. On Saturday, Madrid began poorly and even though they were the better team by the interval, Levante came out stronger again and took the initiative with the first goal and also the third after Sergio Ramos had cancelled out Baba's opener. In the first half, it had looked like Madrid's more technical players held the key to breaking the Levante resolve, yet Ancelotti once again chose to take off the influential Isco and leave on the ineffectual Karim Benzema. To the Italian's credit, however, all three of his substitutions worked out as Morata netted the equaliser, fellow youngster Jese (who did replace the French forward late on) helped set up that goal and Marcelo changed the flow of the match with his penetrating attacks down the left flank. Still, there appeared to be no definite pattern to their game. Madrid, playing against a back line defending deep, needed to generate the play - and they are still struggling to do so. The sheer intensity of the home side caught the visitors off guard, too, and on this evidence, Xabi Alonso cannot return fast enough to add both solidity and creativity to a Madrid midfield which is currently lacking in both departments. And as so often before, Ronaldo was the hero. The Portuguese now has 12 goals from Madrid's opening 10 games in all competitions (matching his best season start, last term, although that included four penalties instead of two) and 50 strikes for club and country in 2013. But it was the result that mattered most for his side as it kept Madrid within five points of Barca (still with a perfect record in the Primera Division) with eight rounds of La Liga completed and ahead of the Clasico clash at Camp Nou later in October. That trip to the Catalan capital will be the greatest test of Madrid's title credentials but, given their continued struggles away from home, Ancelotti's side currently look nowhere near ready to face it.
It was as you were in matchday two of this competition, with Atletico Madrid impressing again, while Greenpeace protestors left Uefa with an awkward moment Juventus' ineptitude strikes again, another Real Madrid forward fires a shot across the bows of Gareth Bale and Atletico Madrid rumble on. Some things haven't changed from matchday one in the Champions League. Galatasaray ensure that the Italian champions must now take at least four points from a relentless Real Madrid, who could count on Angel Di Maria to deliver a match-winning performance against Copenhagen. Meanwhile, slick neighbours Atletico remain perfect in their group following a well-planned 2-1 win over Porto. Arsenal lead the English charge after their hugely impressive win, courtesy of the brilliant Mesut Ozil, against Napoli guaranteed six points from six. Chelsea are back on track after winning at a Steaua Bucharest side sorely lacking Vlad Chiriches. Manchester City's humbling at the hands of Bayern was one for the ages while United did well to hold Shakhtar, ultimately, to a draw. There was no shortage of controversy either. Mario Balotelli's rescue act for AC Milan was prompted by the dubious award of a last-minute penalty against Ajax and Zenit were furious to see Axel Witsel sent off for a seemingly legitimate challenge in the damaging 0-0 draw with Austria Vienna. Here are this week's talking points: Brown in the wrong, again, not Neymar Why should Neymar have to put up with criticism from the Celtic manager, Neil Lennon, and his Scotland counterpart Gordon Strachan after being attacked by Scott Brown on Tuesday night? Lennon told the press in the wake of Barcelona's 1-0 win at Parkhead that the game turned on Brown's red card and referred to Neymar's reputation as a diver as the main reason behind it. Well, there is one simple way to put a stop to all such conjecture: don't kick Neymar in the back. Scott Brown stupidly abdicated his captain's duties, nudging the Brazilian with his foot like a brat, leaving his side to play for half an hour against one of the best teams in the world. What ensued, inevitably, was a Barcelona victory. This season in the Champions League Brown had already stamped on a Shakhter Karagandy player and elbowed Mario Balotelli off the ball in the defeat to Milan, instigating a goal. Why is Celtic's captain behaving so thuggishly, seemingly intent on inflicting damage to his own team? And why is his manager excusing his behaviour, passing the blame to the victim? Even Brown's apology for the Barcelona dismissal was couched in the language of a man failing to grasp the consequence of his actions. In between "I made a mistake" and "I put my team-mates in a difficult position" were phrases like "in the heat of the moment", "I think it was a harsh decision" and "there wasn't a huge amount of contact." Things are hard enough for Celtic in a group containing Barcelona, Milan and Ajax. They do not need the indiscipline of Brown compromising their chances any further. His suspension should be welcomed by the players he can no longer endanger, on both sides. Uefa's relationship with Gazprom put under scrutiny On September 18, Greenpeace activists scaled Gazprom's Prirazlomnaya platform in protest against oil drilling in the Arctic. An AP investigation concluded that at least 5 million tonnes of Russian oil is lost to spillage every year. Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund published a report last month which warned of potential environmental catastrophe in the region in the event of a spill. In response to the scaling of the platform the Russian coastguard seized the Arctic Sunrise ship and towed it to the Murmansk, around 1000 kilometres away, and placed 30 protesters on board under arrest. Russian authorities plan to charge the Greenpeace activists with piracy which carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. There has been worldwide outrage over the detentions and the issue reached the world of football in dramatic circumstances on Tuesday. During the Basel - Schalke match at St Jakob Park, abseilers unveiled a banner carrying the slogan DON'T FOUL THE ARCTIC and calling for the immediate release of the 30 activists. It also, crucially, mentioned by name Gazprom, which is an official Champions League sponsor having signed a deal with Uefa in 2012 for a duration of three seasons. The sums involved were not disclosed but, given the company's 2012 revenue was $152 billion, it was not insignificant. Gazprom, while owning Zenit St Petersburg, also sponsors Schalke as well as Red Star Belgrade and Chelsea. It has become a major player in European football. With Fifa's relationship with the state of Qatar currently under the spotlight and drawing heavy criticism the focus now comes onto Michel Platini's organisation. Not that you would know it. This week no official Uefa highlights package or match report carried news of the protest in Switzerland. Blackout. But those inside the stadium and watching on television know what they saw. It was a moment of acute embarrassment for Uefa and Gazprom and placed under scrutiny the organisation's relationship with an entity seen as unethical and dangerous. Bundesliga clubs can enjoy German Unity Day Representative teams from the Bundesliga can kick back, relax and enjoy a well-deserved day off on German Unity Day today. For the first time in history four competing clubs from Germany won on the same matchday in the Champions League. Borussia Dortmund were back in the groove on Tuesday night with Marco Reus and Robert Lewandowski looking sharp. Schalke, again thanks to their precocious and brilliant playmaker Julian Draxler, achieved victory over a hard-working Basel while on Wednesday Jens Hegeler's stupendous last-minute free-kick earned Bayer Leverkusen the three points at the expense of Real Sociedad. At the vanguard, as usual, were Bayern Munich. If you caught minutes 80-90 without looking at the scoreboard you might have thought City were in with a chance. Bayern, down to 10 men with young substitutes on, tired as their relentless 80-minute press took its toll. What preceded that was the finest spell of football played in Europe this season. It was close to perfection. Happily for the competitiveness of the Bundesliga, Bayern are not, yet, top of the league. That honour goes to Dortmund while Leverkusen are not far behind. With Milan and Juventus drawing and Napoli losing there is only one direction this co-efficient battle is going. German football is in rude health. Cherish record-breaker Giggs while he's still playing "A great source of pride," is how Ryan Giggs described becoming the player with the most appearances in the Champions League. He took his total to 145 in Manchester United's 1-1 draw away at Shakhtar Donetsk. In the match against the Ukrainians he edged past Raul in the all-time ranking. Well, Giggsy, it has been a great source of happiness watching you play football for the past 23 years. Robson, Cantona, Keane, Beckham, Scholes and Sir Alex Ferguson himself have been and gone since Giggs made his debut and now alone he stands as a last link to United's glorious heritage. Here is a player who remains in prime physical condition a month short of his 40th birthday and who has been a model of consistency and professionalism throughout his distinguished career. Despite stacking up the honours year after year his appetite remains undiminished and his willingness to teach younger players shines brightly. The Welshman is living football history and his presence should be cherished where ever he plays between now and his retirement. He's played close to 950 club matches in United's colours. Here's to 1,000. Hot-shot Mitroglou gives Olympiacos hope PSG's destruction of Benfica, inspired by the brilliant Zlatan Ibrahimovic, moved the French champions to six points and seemingly out of sight with two games against Anderlecht to come but it will also have been hailed in Piraeus by Olympiacos. The Greek champions were comprehensively outplayed by the Parisians on matchday one but put themselves in with a fighting chance of progress with a 3-0 smash-and-grab win over the Belgians away from home. The main source of their win was Kostas Mitroglou, the Greece international forward. He scored a hat-trick on the night, the pick of which was his third goal. Late in the game, he caressed the top of the ball with the underside of his left-foot and drove expertly a shot into the top corner with his right. It was the goal of a man in form. Amazingly, it was Mitrogolou's third hat-trick of the season for Olympiacos having already rattled in two for the Super League leaders against Levadiakos and Xanthi. Deprived of the talents of Djamel Abdoun this season, Olympiacos will look to Mitroglou as well as impressive new pair Vladimir Weiss and Javier Saviola for Champions League progression. The games against Benfica are now vital.
The Football Museum is a thematic museum, located in the Stadium Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho. The museum features many interactive audiovisual resources. Pictures of great players such as Pele, Zico and Ronaldo are projected on large screens, and narrated displays introduce important stories in the history of the sport. Club histories are also represented with flags, banners, posters, and other supporter memorabilia. For young people who like technology, a “virtual field” allows visitors to kick an imaginary ball into a 3D goal. There's not enough space available to describe all of incredible content on display at the Football Museum. The best way to discover everything it has to offer is to go yourself. It's a must-see for anyone visiting Sao Paulo. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
David Moyes has again insisted that he is the right man to lead Manchester United after the club suffered their worst start to a season in 24 years. The champions have lost three of their opening six Premier League games under the Scot and currently lie 12th in the standings with a return of just seven points. But Moyes, who succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson's 26-and-a-half year reign in June, has confidence in his abilities and those of the United squad as he looks to climb at the table. "I'm sure United know they picked the right man for the job and Sir Alex was part of that process as well," he told reporters on Friday. "They're really good players. They know the standards they've set over the years - together we'll work to get it right. "It's a long season. We'll hang in there and get ourselves as close to the top as soon as we can." United's next test is the trip to the Stadum of Light to face managerless Sunderland. Kevin Ball is taking charge of the Black Cats on a temporary basis and Moyes has warned his squad not to underestimate the struggling side. "It's an important game," he noted. "We want to try and win it so we'll pick a team which we think can get a result. "Kevin is very experienced. They look like they played quite well in the last two games." Wayne Rooney is expected to be fit to face Sunderland on Saturday but Moyes admits that he is unsure of the latest on the striker's shin injury, adding: "I've not seen Wayne this morning so I couldn't give you an update yet."
Swansea 1-0 St Gallen: Routledge & Tremmel keep Swans on track The German goalkeeper saved a weak penalty in the first half before the winger struck soon after the break to continue a fine start to the Europa League for Michael Laudrup's men The sides had gone in level at the break at the Liberty Stadium after Swans goalkeeper Gerhard Tremmel saved Goran Karanovic's penalty following a Dwight Tiendalli handball. However, Wayne Routledge's close-range finish after 52 minutes was enough to give Michael Laudrup's men back-to-back wins in Europe. Swansea made four changes from their opening win over Valencia, with captain Leon Britton and winger Routledge among those to make the starting XI. The Swiss were unchanged from their last Europa League outing, a 2-0 win over Kuban Krasnodar. The first chance of the game fell to the home side, with Michu striking a powerful effort straight at Daniel Lopar after three minutes. The visitors spurned a golden opportunity to move ahead when Karanovic missed a penalty after 15 minutes. Roberto Rodriguez's cross struck the arm of Tiendalli but the spot kick was easily saved by Tremmel after a staggered run-up. Marco Mathys went close shortly after as the visitors gradually grew into the game, rolling an effort past the onrushing goalkeeper and marginally wide of the far post. Swansea came close to taking the lead when Lopar pushed a Jordi Amat header onto the post after 23 minutes following a teasing delivery from Ben Davies - however, nobody was free to poke the loose ball home. Mathys again tested Tremmell just after the half-hour mark, with the German fumbling his fierce long-range effort, before Wilfried Bony had the last chance of the half. After linking well with Michu, the Ivorian fired just wide of Lopar's left-hand post. The home side eventually took the lead when Bony's effort from the right was parried away by Lopar into the path of Routledge. The winger latched on to the loose ball and poked in from close range to edge the home side in front seven minutes into the second half. Substitute Alhassane Keita almost provided a swift reply after but he put the ball over the bar after expertly controlling a long ball from Lopar. Nathan Dyer would have made it two but for a Lopar save 12 minutes from time before Stephane Nater struck Tremmel's left-hand post for the visitors. However, the home side saw out the tie to move top of their group, with Laudrup's charges yet to concede a goal in Europe this season.
The Bavarians' Spanish coach has been pleasantly surprised by how quickly his new side have adapted to his style and insists there is more to come if his personnel heed his words Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola believes his side will continue to improve once key players recover from injury and his squad continue to accept his managerial decisions. The Bavarians have been without a number of first-team stars in recent weeks with Holger Badstuber, Javi Martinez and Thiago Alcantara all absent while Mario Gotze and Bastian Schweinsteiger have been struggling for fitness. But Guardiola has fired a warning to other Bundesliga sides, insisting that his team can only improve on their early-season showings - if they correctly carry out his instructions. "I am convinced that we will be even better when all the players are fit," he told the club's official magazine. "But we will only be in the hunt for titles at the end of the season if each player accepts my decisions in this great squad. "Otherwise, we have problems. I am a great friend of my players when they accept what I say. I support those who accept my decisions but those who do not want to understand will sit in the stands. I say again: we need all of our players." Guardiola took over from Jupp Heynckes this season and admits that when he got the call to become Bayern coach, he made an instant decision to accept the role. "From the first contact I had with Bayern, I knew within seconds: you have to do it," he said. "I did not want to pass up the opportunity to work here with this great team that the club had put together in the past few years. Had I said no, I might not have been asked again." Bayern sit top of the Bundesliga after eight games and have already demonstrated their class with fine domestic and European displays, most notably a 3-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. And the Spaniard has been pleased with what he has seen from his side so far. "It's not all that important to be top of the table in October, but it's always nice to be there," Guardiola continued. "All that matters at the moment is that we get to grips with our playing style. It's an ongoing process and the performances against Manchester City and Leverkusen show we've already reached a decent level that we want to maintain in the coming weeks. "I'm honestly really surprised how quickly the players have taken my ideas on board. We definitely need more time, but the level is already very, very high ... I'm happy how we're playing."
The 52-year-old has engaged in more verbal jousting with his arch-rival by mocking the status of his Fifa award compared to his title of Player of the Century Argentina legend Diego Maradona has reignited his feud with Pele by claiming his recognition from Fifa is "not worth sh*t". Maradona trumped his Brazilian counterpart to the Player of the Century award in 2000, collecting 53 per cent of the internet-based vote, while Pele's achievements were also recognised after he topped a poll of Fifa's "Football Family" at the same ceremony. However, the 52-year-old feels that his rival's award is paled into insignificance by his own. "In 2000 I won the Player of the Century award thanks to the people. Pele was second," he told reporters. "He also came second behind [Aryton] Senna as Brazil's greatest sportsman. "The award that Fifa gave Pele isn't worth sh*t." Meanwhile, the former Argentina boss has also launched a scathing attack on Fifa's president Sepp Blatter and its senior delegates, questioning their competency level when they are "so old that they cannot even drive a car". He added: "The Fifa directors are all over 95 years old! "The people there are so old that they cannot even drive a car, so how do they lead the world of football?"
The Itaquerão Stadium is located about 23 km from the city center (i.e. - Paulista Avenue), and 29 km from the Congonhas Airport. Subway / CPTM stations named "Corinthians-Itaquera" is located next to the stadium. So, trains may be the best transportation option for the fans. Subway Direction: The Corinthians-Itaquera Station is the last stop of Line 3 (Orange Line) CPTM Direction: You can also get to the Corinthians-Itaquera Station by CPMT (Line E) Taxi: A taxi fair can be expensive. From the Congonhas Airport or City Center (i.e.- Paulista Avenue), the taxi fair can be around BRL 200 or USD 100 with the traffic. The price could drop to a half "if" there is no traffic; however, don't count on it as there is little chance that you will face no traffic in the city during the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
Valencia centre-back Adil Rami will sign for AC Milan in January on loan with an option to buy at the end of the season, the Liga club have confirmed. The France international had become out of favour at Mestalla after a public fall-out that involved him criticising coach Miroslav Djukic and he will not play again for the Spanish side this season. Los Che endured a poor start to the season - with four consecutive defeats - and Rami lashed out on Spanish radio, to which the club responded by removing him from the first team. Valencia then suspended the 27-year-old without pay for a week for his actions as the wheels kicked into motion for his departure to San Siro, and he is already training with the Rossoneri but cannot play for the first team until January. Rami joined Valencia from Lille in 2011 having spent roughly five years at the Ligue 1 club and he has 26 caps for les Bleus since his 2010 debut.
The Bavarians' Spanish coach has been pleasantly surprised by how quickly his new side have adapted to his style and insists there is more to come if his personnel heed his words Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola believes his side will continue to improve once key players recover from injury and his squad continue to accept his managerial decisions. The Bavarians have been without a number of first-team stars in recent weeks with Holger Badstuber, Javi Martinez and Thiago Alcantara all absent while Mario Gotze and Bastian Schweinsteiger have been struggling for fitness. But Guardiola has fired a warning to other Bundesliga sides, insisting that his team can only improve on their early-season showings - if they correctly carry out his instructions. "I am convinced that we will be even better when all the players are fit," he told the club's official magazine. "But we will only be in the hunt for titles at the end of the season if each player accepts my decisions in this great squad. "Otherwise, we have problems. I am a great friend of my players when they accept what I say. I support those who accept my decisions but those who do not want to understand will sit in the stands. I say again: we need all of our players." Guardiola took over from Jupp Heynckes this season and admits that when he got the call to become Bayern coach, he made an instant decision to accept the role. "From the first contact I had with Bayern, I knew within seconds: you have to do it," he said. "I did not want to pass up the opportunity to work here with this great team that the club had put together in the past few years. Had I said no, I might not have been asked again." Bayern sit top of the Bundesliga after eight games and have already demonstrated their class with fine domestic and European displays, most notably a 3-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. And the Spaniard has been pleased with what he has seen from his side so far. "It's not all that important to be top of the table in October, but it's always nice to be there," Guardiola continued. "All that matters at the moment is that we get to grips with our playing style. It's an ongoing process and the performances against Manchester City and Leverkusen show we've already reached a decent level that we want to maintain in the coming weeks. "I'm honestly really surprised how quickly the players have taken my ideas on board. We definitely need more time, but the level is already very, very high ... I'm happy how we're playing."
Brazil 2-0 Zambia: Oscar inspires Selecao to fourth successive win The Chelsea man came off the bench to open scoring in China before Dede put the game to bed six minutes later with his first ever goal for his country Brazil racked up their fourth successive victory by beating Zambia 2-0 in a friendly fixture in Beijing on Tuesday. Luiz Felipe Scolari's men were far from their fluent best but, after a goalless first half, Chelsea midfielder Oscar came off the bench to open the scoring with a deflected effort. Shortly after, the game was put beyond all doubt when Dede notched his first international goal with a close-range header. Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva was handed his first start in nearly two years, while Alexandre Pato and Lucas Moura were also given opportunities. Patrice Beaumelle was in the dugout for Zambia, after taking control on an interim basis following the departure of Herve Renard to Sochaux. Brazil almost made an electric start in the third minute when Neymar's sublime free kick rebounded off the crossbar. Shortly after, his Barcelona team-mate Daniel Alves hit a half-volley that narrowly drifted over the bar. On the 15-minute mark a clever one-two between Ramires and Neymar led to the Chelsea midfielder going one-on-one with Kennedy Mweene only to ultimately put his effort just wide of the post. Emmanuel Mayuka was lively up front for Zambia without causing any real issues for the Brazilian defence and only had a tame effort which was held by Diego Cavalieri. Neymar should have put Brazil ahead in the 37th minute when he looped a header wide from Maxwell's delivery when unmarked in the box. And he was again thwarted on the stroke of half-time with Mweene parrying his left-footed effort for a corner as the sides went in level at the break. Brazil started the second half in lacklustre fashion with Scolari visibly frustrated on the sidelines. David Luiz did go close with a 25-yard free kick but his effort was smartly parried away by Mweene. However, the deadlock was finally broken in the 59th minute, courtesy of substitute Oscar. The Chelsea midfielder cut inside Mayuka on the left before hitting a 20-yard effort that took a huge deflection off Chisambu Lungu and looped over Mweene into the far corner. As Zambia tired, the game was put beyond doubt in the 66th minute when Dede pulled away from his marker to head home Neymar's free kick from six yards. Buoyed by their quick-fire double, Brazil continued to push for a third and Oscar should have done so in the dying stages when after a flowing move he curled an effort straight at Mweene. But the miss made no difference to the final outcome as Brazil extended their winning run to four matches. Scolari will now look ahead to Brazil's friendly clash with Honduras in Miami in November.
Goal takes a look at the sides that can seal their places at international football's greatest show in the coming days With the qualification campaign for the 2014 World Cup approaching its decisive stages, a number of teams will this week be looking to book their tickets for next year's tournament. Hosts Brazil have already been joined by Asian representatives Japan, Australia, Iran and South Korea, European teams Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Belgium and Switzerland, as well as Concacaf outfits USA, Costa Rica and fellow South American sides Argentina and Colombia. Additionally, a number of nations from Africa, Europe, North America and South America can also seal qualification in the coming days. In Europe, Russia will be confident of reaching next year's tournament with just one more game to go in Group F. A draw against Azerbaijan will be enough for Fabio Capello's men to secure top spot ahead of Portugal, while even a defeat could still see them through, with the Seleccao seven goals worse off ahead of Tuesday's encounter versus Luxembourg. Group G is a straight battle between Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece, with the former likely to top the group if they win against Lithuania due to the huge goal difference between the two sides. Greece will only book their ticket for Brazil if they do better than Bosnia or beat Liechtenstein by 18 goals more than the current leaders defeat Lithuania. Elsewhere, England will qualify if they beat Poland, while a draw or loss will only be enough if second-placed Ukraine fail to beat Group H minnows San Marino. Finally in Europe, reigning world champions Spain need one more point to guarantee their ticket to Brazil. If they lose against Georgia, France can only overtake them if they beat Finland by a sufficient margin to better Spain's goal difference. In the Concacaf zone, Honduras are sitting in pole position to secure qualification as a draw versus bottom-side Jamaica will suffice. However, Mexico can overtake them if they lose and the Mexicans bag the full three points versus Costa Rica. In South America, meanwhile, Ecuador meet Chile, with both teams guaranteed to qualify automatically with a draw. Fifth-placed Uruguay can only book their ticket for the World Cup if they beat Argentina and one of Ecuador or Chile win, while they will also have to significantly improve their goal difference (they are four goals behind Chile and six behind Ecuador at present). The African play-offs continue on Wednesday, with Cote d'Ivoire and Nigeria defending a first-leg lead, while Tunisia travel to Cameroon on Thursday after a scoreless draw at the weekend. Oceania representative New Zealand and Asian side Jordan will be closely monitoring the action in North and South America respectively, with the intercontinental play-offs taking place in November.
The former Serie A star is not impressed with the level of modern football and has rallied against the high wages paid to players these days Faustino Asprilla believes referees give Barcelona forward Lionel Messi too much protection on the pitch. The former Colombia international is of the opinion that life was much harder for attackers during his playing days due to the quality of defenders, as well as match officials' tendency to let play continue wherever possible. "When I still played, forwards did not get as much protection from referees. If someone fouls Messi now, people all over the world start crying and complaining," Asprilla told La Gazzetta dello Sport. "I don't remember anyone complaining when defenders had a go at me, Gabriel Batistuta or Marco van Basten. "Life's much easier for attackers these days. There are no defenders like Franco Baresi and Pietro Vierchowod around. I still have nightmares about them." Asprilla then went on to voice his opinion that wages are too high in modern football as he feels only a few players really merit excessive salaries. "Of course, I earned good money, but nowhere near as much as players get now," the 43-year-old explained. "Nowadays even a flop earns per month what someone like Van Basten got in a year. "And I don't exactly see many players of Van Basten's level around ..." Asprilla wore the jerseys of clubs such as Parma, Newcastle United, Palmeiras and Fluminense during his active career.
Retro Liga is a sports brand which has several stores across Brazil and is a big hit with football fans. In the store you will find everything you can imagine, from replica uniforms to key chains, caps, books, and other souvenirs. The historical shirts are exclusive models, accompanied by a card that describes the relevant year of football in vivid detail. Seeking to meet all needs, Liga Retro has women's t-shirts, men's, children's and baby models. The whole family can shop for their team shirts together before going to the stadium. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Roja boss wants his side to finish first in their World Cup qualification group by claiming a point from their clash with Georgia on Saturday Vicente del Bosque has urged his Spain troops to seal top spot in Group I of World Cup qualification for Europe on Tuesday. The world and European champions face Georgia in Albacete in their final clash of the campaign, needing just one point to confirm their automatic place in next summer's tournament. And Del Bosque has ackowledged that his side's campaign has been tough, singling out their home ties with France and Finland, in which they only managed draws. "We are hoping to finish first and we have it in our hands," he told reporters. "We've been through two really bad moments, the game against France at the Vicente Calderon and the one against Finland in Gijon. "We've had moments of great difficulty for those two results. And yet, people are talking about the World Cup as something we've achieved when we're in a moment of trouble. "Georgia are not England or Italy, but we have to finish the job. I'm not calm, even though it's true we only have one step left." Spain's forwards have come under scrutiny over the course of the last year, with la Roja having found the net just 12 times in their seven games, but Del Bosque is convinced of the quality at his disposal. "It's not right to blame the forwards. [Roberto] Soldado is at Tottenham, Alvaro Negredo is at City, who paid a lot of money for him, [Fernando] Torres has had a great career." Spain and Georgia kick off at 21:00CET on Tuesday. Second-placed France, who sit three points behind la Roja, host Finland.
The festival of dreams that is the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ will enchant the world. At PAINT STADIUM, we're holding another competition to get the world excited: the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST. If your dream is to score with a bicycle kick, draw it and submit it to PAINT STADIUM. Your illustrations will help to make the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ even more exciting! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
Gareth Bale's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has launched an attack on Spanish publication Marca, rubbishing reports the sports daily published regarding his client suffering from a slipped disc. The Real Madrid man has yet to feature for a full 90 minutes since becoming the most expensive footballer in history, only turning out in three appearances for Carlo Ancelotti's men. But Barnett has refuted allegations that Bale, who has been out for almost two weeks with a thigh issue, failed his medical before his €100 million transfer in September owing to a slipped disc problem. "I spoke to a reporter from Marca, I told him: ‘It’s complete rubbish,' and yet they still print it," the agent told La Sexta. "Whatever they say is a lie. "He passed the medical, he’s 100 per cent fit, there’s no problem. He’s the most expensive transfer in history; if there was a problem, they [Madrid] would have stopped the transfer. "How stupid and irresponsible of Marca to have run such a stupid story. There is no problem. He has a slight tear in his thigh, he’ll be fit to play hopefully after the internationals. "He [Bale] is angry, not sad. He’s angry that a newspaper can write such rubbish. We won’t be speaking to anybody else about this one story and we will never speak about it ever again, it’s complete rubbish." The 24-year-old has not produced the desired impact in his stint at the Santiago Bernabeu yet, with Ancelotti recently claiming his star's adaptation was being hampered by injury. Following los Blancos' revelation that Bale suffers from a disc bulge, the head of the capital outfit's medical services has insisted that Madrid have nothing to worry about. "You have to put chronic disk protrusions in context of the sporting world," Carlos Diez explained to Cadena SER. "The majority of players suffer from them and it makes sense, because we are talking about players competing at the highest level, who suffer more wear and tear than a normal person. "When Bale had his medical no clinical condition was discovered, just a radiological finding. There’s no threat that he will need surgery. "Bale played last season in the Premier League without any problems, he’s trained very well with us and we don’t need to give these findings any more importance. "Our view was that the player was ready and therefore there was nothing to report to the president [Florentino Perez]."
South Korea 0-2 Brazil: Neymar and Oscar seal win The Selecao continued their preparations for World Cup 2014 with a routine victory over their Asian hosts on Saturday Goals from Neymar and Oscar saw Brazil chalk up their third straight victory as they saw off South Korea 2-0 at the Seoul World Cup stadium. Luiz Felipe Scolari's side were far from their fluent best on Saturday but still managed to overcome a stubborn challenge from the home side. After a first period devoid of clear-cut chances, Neymar lit up the game with a sublime free-kick on the stroke of half-time. And the encounter was put beyond doubt shortly after the break as Oscar rounded goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong and fired into the open net. Scolari named an attacking starting XI with Neymar and Hulk partnering Jo in a front three. South Korea boss Hong Myung-Bo left Bayer Leverkusen forward Son Heung-Min on the bench, although Sunderland midfielder Ki Sung-Yeung started. Brazil made a lacklustre start to the game and could have gone behind in the third minute when Koo Ja-Cheol fired wide from the left of the box after Ki's neat through ball. The visitors' first glimpse of the Korean goal came when Hulk played a one-two with Jo before shooting, but his strike was smothered by Jung. Chelsea midfielder Oscar then hit a snap shot on the turn from 25-yards that cleared the crossbar. Brazil's failure to create clear-cut chances led to a spell of increased pressure from South Korea. David Luiz crucially headed an exquisite Lee Chung-Yong cross away from Koo, before a surging run from Kim Bo-Kyung resulted in the midfielder firing straight at Jefferson. But the hosts failed to make this period count and Brazil went ahead in the 44th minute. Neymar was felled by Lee Yong on the right and the Barcelona star picked himself up to curl a superb 25-yard free-kick into the corner on the stroke of half-time. And Scolari’s men doubled their lead four minutes after the interval. Oscar collected a defence-splitting pass from Paulinho and deftly beat the goalkeeper before shooting into the empty goal. Brazil then went close to extending their lead on the hour mark. Neymar's cross caused panic in the South Korea box and Luiz Gustavo made a late run to power a header goalwards with Lee Yong making a crucial deflection. South Korea nearly reduced the arrears from a corner with 20 minutes remaining, but Lee Chung-Yong put his near-post header wide. Hernanes could have added a third in the dying stages, but the Lazio midfielder hit a tame effort straight at Jung from the edge of the box. This made no difference to the result though, as Brazil built on victories over Australia and Portugal in their last two fixtures. Scolari's men will now switch their focus to Tuesday's friendly with Zambia in Beijing.
The PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST has kicked off at PAINT STADIUM, and we're waiting for you to submit your great illustrations. Whether your dream is to be the captain of your country's national team or something even greater, draw it in an illustration and send it to the world. It doesn't matter how skilled an artist you are. We're waiting for your art! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
England 4-1 Montenegro: Townsend caps perfect night for Hodgson The Tottenham forward starred for the Three Lions, with Wayne Rooney opening the scoring and Daniel Sturridge adding late on, while Dejan Damjanovic netted for the visitors Andros Townsend scored on his debut as England beat Montenegro 4-1 at Wembley to take a big step towards qualification for the 2014 World Cup. Wayne Rooney opened the scoring with his sixth goal in Group H on his return to the side and an own goal from Branko Boskovic doubled England's lead. But it was Townsend who stole the show as the Tottenham winger added a third after Dejan Damjanovic had pulled a goal back in the second half. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge scored a late penalty to leave England needing one more win against Poland on Tuesday to secure their place at the showpiece in Brazil next year. Defeat for Montenegro looks certain to have cost them a place at the World Cup, as second-placed Ukraine are three points better off than them with a far superior goal difference. As well as handing a debut to Townsend, England boss Roy Hodgson opted to pair Premier League top scorer Sturridge with Rooney in attack. Montenegro were without captain Mirko Vucinic, defenders Miodrag Dzudovic and Marko Basa as well as midfielder Milorad Pekovic - but Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic started, while also being handed the captain's armband. With the backing of a vociferous home crowd at Wembley, England started brightly and created several half-chances before Leighton Baines did well to win the ball back and pick out Welbeck from the byline. The forward fired straight at goalkeeper Vukasin Poleksic at the near post, however. Meanwhile, Townsend was causing all sorts of problems and he raced away down the right, before cutting in to shoot straight at Poleksic, who palmed the ball invitingly into Rooney’s path. Again, though, the striker could only fire into the side-netting from a tight angle. But Rooney made amends for that miss just two minutes into the second half when he put England in front. Unsurprisingly, Townsend was the architect, driving down the right before providing a cross that was headed into Welbeck’s path and, although the onrushing forward’s shot was saved by Poleksic, Rooney was on hand to tuck the ball home from six yards. England then doubled their lead in bizarre fashion after 61 minutes, when Welbeck raced into the box and fired the ball across the box before Boskovic toed the ball into the far corner of his own net. It was an uncompromising finish. Jovetic was unfortunate not to pull a goal back almost immediately, though, when his vicious right-foot drive from 25 yards out rattled the crossbar. But the visitors did make a game of it with 18 minutes remaining when Damjanovic diverted Fatos Beciraj’s shot into the far corner. England were not to be denied, however, and Townsend added a third with a fine right-foot drive from 20 yards with 12 minutes remaining, before Sturridge put the icing on the cake with a penalty in stoppage time. He was upended close to the byline by Ivan Kecojevic - but there was no stopping his composed spot-kick.
A typical snack of São Paulo, 'Pastel da Maria' was elected several times as the best in town. With superb quality and freshly baked products always available, it is very difficult to eat just one. Customers will find everything in the extensive menu: savory pasteis, special pasteis (with exclusive recipes) and sweets. All customers, young and old, leave satisfied. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The striker wanted to leave Manchester United this summer and, although he claims he is now "settled", he once again dodged contract questions Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney has revealed his frustration at being asked to play out of position by Sir Alex Ferguson last season, and once again refused to commit his future to the club. Rooney was desperate to leave Old Trafford this summer only to be thwarted by the club's refusal to sell him to a Premier League rival, with Arsenal and Chelsea the two clubs to show firm interest. The England striker has started the season in fine form, scoring five goals in eight games, but although he says he has felt "happy" and "settled" for months he also told of his irritation at not being played up front alongside Robin van Persie. "Everyone at the club knew where I wanted to play and I think that's why I was disappointed," he told reporters. "I got told to play in midfield and I didn't want to. I just think there had to come a point when, for my own career, I had to be a bit selfish really. "I actually felt when I played in midfield I did okay, but I didn't want to play there. I've had no problem in the past playing out of position, but I felt I deserved the right to play in my position and that wasn't happening. "I think, naturally, I was a bit disappointed and maybe that affected some of the games I played. I know myself that last year wasn't my best season but there were times when I was playing in different positions. "I didn't feel I got a consistent run of games up front. Sometimes when you're not playing in one position all the time it's difficult to adapt." Yet despite talking publicly about some of the reasons for his unhappiness at United over the last few months, the 27-year-old also claimed that he never, in fact, had any problems during the transfer window. "To be honest, I've been settled all summer," he added. "I really have been happy all summer. From the outside looking in, it might not have seemed like it, but I have been settled. "My wife had a new child and I'm just delighted to be back playing and injury-free. I've got my head down and worked hard. I've been focused and I've been wanting to prove to people that I am a top player. That's what I've really tried to do." Manchester United rejected two bids for Rooney from Chelsea during pre-season, before Jose Mourinho urged the striker to make his intentions known during the final week of the transfer window. Rooney decided to remain silent, publicly at least, as he quickly realised that the Red Devils were not interested in a sale: "I'm sure the club made that clear," he said. "Obviously there's been a lot of stuff happening and everyone has been waiting for me to say something, but I've spoken to the people who matter at the club and we've known ourselves what was going on. "I didn't want to come out saying anything. I just wanted to concentrate on my football. That's what I've done and that's what I'll continue to do. I'm not going to go around saying: 'I wanted to stay' or 'I wanted to leave'. I'll concentrate on my football and see what happens after that." It is not the first time Rooney, whose contract expires at the end of next season, has used that line to divert awkward questions about his current situation. When asked by ITV if he would be signing a new contract at Old Trafford following a Champions League match in September, the striker flatly stated that he is concentrating on his football. He employed a similar tactic again in Wednesday's press conference. "You can see I'm playing and I'm happy in my football. I'll have more discussions with the club and we'll see what happens from there." Reports at the beginning of the season suggested that Van Persie was unhappy with the playing tactics and high-intensity training implemened by Ferguson's replacement, David Moyes, but Rooney, for one, says he is enjoying life under his former Everton mentor, including the extra workload. "It's a bit different in terms of David Moyes and his staff coming in," he continued. "The training is different, there's a different style, a different way of thinking about how he wants us to play. "Honestly, the training has been so hard. We've done a lot more running. Long running, quicker running, sharper running. "I feel that's really benefited me. I feel as fit as I ever have done. I had a couple of injuries pre-season but I feel great and in good shape. It's a mixture of things, but I am happy and I am enjoying my football."
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema says he is not overly concerned about his current goal drought for France, claiming "it will not last 10 years". The 25-year-old hasn't found the back of the net for les Bleus for 1,217 minutes, but insists he knows that run will end sooner rather than later. "It is true that it's the longest period of my career without scoring, but it will not last 10 years," Benzema told Sport. "I have to keep working hard on my game and not give up, and I know I will reap the rewards. There are various types of number 9. There are those that don't score so much, but that offer other things. I'm in that group. "I don't have it in my head to score, I have it in my head that my team must win. If I score, all the better. Although of course, it is better if I do score." The Real Madrid star also played down claims that he has a poor attitude, insisting he has an unrelenting appetite to play football. "For me, an attitude problem is not wanting to enter the field of play," he continued. "Trust me, I want to play all time so I do not have a bad attitude. "I have to start to work defensively, but I know that above all my main job is to score goals. It's not my job to run all the way to Lloris' area. "However, I run 10 kilometres a game, and so feel that this criticism is undeserved. I run a lot."
PAINT STADIUM, which is bringing even more color to the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, is looking for your entries to the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST with the theme “YOUR FOOTBALL DREAM.” Do you dream of winning the World Cup, or do you have something else in mind? Turn your innermost hope into an illustration. We're waiting for the art that will propel your dream into coming true! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
The superstar forward injured his hamstring during Barcelona's Liga meeting with Almeria at the end of last month and is facing at least another fortnight on the sidelines Lionel Messi will sit out Argentina's World Cup qualifiers against Peru and Uruguay as he is still recovering from a thigh problem. The Barcelona superstar was initially named in coach Alejandro Sabella's preliminary squad for the final two games of qualification. However, with their progression already confirmed, the 26-year-old attacker has been released from the squad to recover from his thigh injury. The Argentine Football Association (AFA) confirmed on their website that Messi, along with Javier Mascherano and Gonzalo Higuain, will not have to meet up with the national team. Mascherano suffered a hamstring injury at the end of September and has missed Barcelona's last three matches. Meanwhile, Higuain was not involved in Napoli's Champions League clash with Arsenal due to a calf injury and he also missed their Serie A victory over Livorno on Sunday. Argentina face Peru on October 11 before travelling to Montevideo four days later to take on Uruguay.
The former Everton manager has had a rocky start to his tenure and "is under a bit of pressure" but the England forward feels that it is the squad who have been underperforming Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney admits that manager David Moyes is "under a bit of pressure" but feels that he and his fellow players are to blame. Despite coming from behind to beat Sunderland on Saturday, the Red Devils are only ninth in the Premier League table after seven games. But Rooney has urged his team-mates to use the comeback against the Black Cats as motivation in the future, and says the squad are still adapting to Moyes' style. "Obviously the manager is under a bit of pressure," Rooney told reporters. "We know as a team it's us who have let him down. We have to pull together for the manager and show the sort of fight we have done here and we'll be fine. "It will be because it's a new manager with different styles and we have to adapt to them," he argued of the drop in results. "We need to do better for him than we have been." Adnan Januzaj was the hero for United at the Stadium of Light. On his first start, the 18-year-old scored twice to turn the game around and the England international was thrilled to see the youngster excel. "He's a great prospect," Rooney enthused. "He takes the ball, he runs at players and he's got great ability. It's great the manager has thrown him into the side, especially with what has happened in the last few games. "There was big pressure on us but the manager has trusted him and he has repaid that. He's very confident - that's great to see. "A lot of the young players who come through are a little bit timid and shy but he looks comfortable and he's confident in his own ability, which you need to be. It was a brave move to play him in the circumstances and we’re delighted it's paid off. "There is a lot of pressure but he seems to thrive on it. We know the ability he has got but you never know how they are going to react when they are thrown into games. "We need to help the younger players and, if we do that, they'll be moments where they come in and win us the game, as has happened here. The experienced lads need to help them emerge into a team."
The opening stadium of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ is under construction, and expected to be more modern, luxurious and affordable than the Maracanã. The Itaquerão is located in the East Zone of São Paulo and will include shops, restaurants, and four thousand parking spaces, all on a plot of just 200,000 m². With enough capacity for 68,000 spectators (including 20,000 removable seats), the Brazilian National Team will open the World Cup here on June 12. They'll play on a natural grass pitch with a special American-made irrigation system, in a stadium with the technological capabilities to promote the world's greatest show to millions of fans. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Portuguese struck a 94th-minute winner to claim all three points for Real after they had looked like losing at Levante, but it was yet another poor performance away from home There was no refereeing controversy this time. Real Madrid's last-gasp win at Elche recently had come about thanks largely to the helping hand of match official Cesar Muniz Fernandez, who awarded a highly-contentious penalty deep into added time. On this occasion, however, it was more Madrid's fight and unwillingness to lie down that brought the reward of a late leveller and, subsequently, a 94th-minute winner. Carlo Ancelotti's side had looked second best for most of the night, twice going behind to a spirited and hard-working Levante side. But like last season, Alvaro Morata popped up with a last-minute effort - this time to level the scores - and Cristiano Ronaldo then hit home via a deflection to seal a sensational 3-2 win. Ronaldo rescued Real's fast-faltering hopes of winning La Liga and the strike spared Ancelotti's blushes, yet it could not hide a multitude of sins on another depressing night's football for the capital club. Marca described Madrid's performance as "dreadful", noting that the team had played with the "spirit" they have always shown - if "little else". "Ronaldo and Morata get Madrid out of intensive care," the paper added. The goal meant much to Madrid's players. Ronaldo removed his shirt to earn a booking he hardly seemed to care about, while goalkeeper Diego Lopez raced off his line and ran down the pitch to join in the wild celebrations. And on the bench, Ancelotti cut a relieved figure. "The victory was very important because it was a very difficult match," the Italian explained. "We never gave in, but we gave two goals away and we need to concentrate better because that made things complicated. But, when our team plays, we can win a game in five minutes..." On the road, however, Madrid have struggled in La Liga all season. An unconvincing 1-0 win at Granada in Real's first away game this term was followed by a 2-2 draw at Villarreal which, on a different night, could eaily have been a defeat. Then came the highly-controversial 2-1 victory at Elche, and now another success achieved in extremis on Saturday. But more worrying than the results, which have been generally good, will be the nature of the performances in those matches. On Saturday, Madrid began poorly and even though they were the better team by the interval, Levante came out stronger again and took the initiative with the first goal and also the third after Sergio Ramos had cancelled out Baba's opener. In the first half, it had looked like Madrid's more technical players held the key to breaking the Levante resolve, yet Ancelotti once again chose to take off the influential Isco and leave on the ineffectual Karim Benzema. To the Italian's credit, however, all three of his substitutions worked out as Morata netted the equaliser, fellow youngster Jese (who did replace the French forward late on) helped set up that goal and Marcelo changed the flow of the match with his penetrating attacks down the left flank. Still, there appeared to be no definite pattern to their game. Madrid, playing against a back line defending deep, needed to generate the play - and they are still struggling to do so. The sheer intensity of the home side caught the visitors off guard, too, and on this evidence, Xabi Alonso cannot return fast enough to add both solidity and creativity to a Madrid midfield which is currently lacking in both departments. And as so often before, Ronaldo was the hero. The Portuguese now has 12 goals from Madrid's opening 10 games in all competitions (matching his best season start, last term, although that included four penalties instead of two) and 50 strikes for club and country in 2013. But it was the result that mattered most for his side as it kept Madrid within five points of Barca (still with a perfect record in the Primera Division) with eight rounds of La Liga completed and ahead of the Clasico clash at Camp Nou later in October. That trip to the Catalan capital will be the greatest test of Madrid's title credentials but, given their continued struggles away from home, Ancelotti's side currently look nowhere near ready to face it.
It was as you were in matchday two of this competition, with Atletico Madrid impressing again, while Greenpeace protestors left Uefa with an awkward moment Juventus' ineptitude strikes again, another Real Madrid forward fires a shot across the bows of Gareth Bale and Atletico Madrid rumble on. Some things haven't changed from matchday one in the Champions League. Galatasaray ensure that the Italian champions must now take at least four points from a relentless Real Madrid, who could count on Angel Di Maria to deliver a match-winning performance against Copenhagen. Meanwhile, slick neighbours Atletico remain perfect in their group following a well-planned 2-1 win over Porto. Arsenal lead the English charge after their hugely impressive win, courtesy of the brilliant Mesut Ozil, against Napoli guaranteed six points from six. Chelsea are back on track after winning at a Steaua Bucharest side sorely lacking Vlad Chiriches. Manchester City's humbling at the hands of Bayern was one for the ages while United did well to hold Shakhtar, ultimately, to a draw. There was no shortage of controversy either. Mario Balotelli's rescue act for AC Milan was prompted by the dubious award of a last-minute penalty against Ajax and Zenit were furious to see Axel Witsel sent off for a seemingly legitimate challenge in the damaging 0-0 draw with Austria Vienna. Here are this week's talking points: Brown in the wrong, again, not Neymar Why should Neymar have to put up with criticism from the Celtic manager, Neil Lennon, and his Scotland counterpart Gordon Strachan after being attacked by Scott Brown on Tuesday night? Lennon told the press in the wake of Barcelona's 1-0 win at Parkhead that the game turned on Brown's red card and referred to Neymar's reputation as a diver as the main reason behind it. Well, there is one simple way to put a stop to all such conjecture: don't kick Neymar in the back. Scott Brown stupidly abdicated his captain's duties, nudging the Brazilian with his foot like a brat, leaving his side to play for half an hour against one of the best teams in the world. What ensued, inevitably, was a Barcelona victory. This season in the Champions League Brown had already stamped on a Shakhter Karagandy player and elbowed Mario Balotelli off the ball in the defeat to Milan, instigating a goal. Why is Celtic's captain behaving so thuggishly, seemingly intent on inflicting damage to his own team? And why is his manager excusing his behaviour, passing the blame to the victim? Even Brown's apology for the Barcelona dismissal was couched in the language of a man failing to grasp the consequence of his actions. In between "I made a mistake" and "I put my team-mates in a difficult position" were phrases like "in the heat of the moment", "I think it was a harsh decision" and "there wasn't a huge amount of contact." Things are hard enough for Celtic in a group containing Barcelona, Milan and Ajax. They do not need the indiscipline of Brown compromising their chances any further. His suspension should be welcomed by the players he can no longer endanger, on both sides. Uefa's relationship with Gazprom put under scrutiny On September 18, Greenpeace activists scaled Gazprom's Prirazlomnaya platform in protest against oil drilling in the Arctic. An AP investigation concluded that at least 5 million tonnes of Russian oil is lost to spillage every year. Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund published a report last month which warned of potential environmental catastrophe in the region in the event of a spill. In response to the scaling of the platform the Russian coastguard seized the Arctic Sunrise ship and towed it to the Murmansk, around 1000 kilometres away, and placed 30 protesters on board under arrest. Russian authorities plan to charge the Greenpeace activists with piracy which carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. There has been worldwide outrage over the detentions and the issue reached the world of football in dramatic circumstances on Tuesday. During the Basel - Schalke match at St Jakob Park, abseilers unveiled a banner carrying the slogan DON'T FOUL THE ARCTIC and calling for the immediate release of the 30 activists. It also, crucially, mentioned by name Gazprom, which is an official Champions League sponsor having signed a deal with Uefa in 2012 for a duration of three seasons. The sums involved were not disclosed but, given the company's 2012 revenue was $152 billion, it was not insignificant. Gazprom, while owning Zenit St Petersburg, also sponsors Schalke as well as Red Star Belgrade and Chelsea. It has become a major player in European football. With Fifa's relationship with the state of Qatar currently under the spotlight and drawing heavy criticism the focus now comes onto Michel Platini's organisation. Not that you would know it. This week no official Uefa highlights package or match report carried news of the protest in Switzerland. Blackout. But those inside the stadium and watching on television know what they saw. It was a moment of acute embarrassment for Uefa and Gazprom and placed under scrutiny the organisation's relationship with an entity seen as unethical and dangerous. Bundesliga clubs can enjoy German Unity Day Representative teams from the Bundesliga can kick back, relax and enjoy a well-deserved day off on German Unity Day today. For the first time in history four competing clubs from Germany won on the same matchday in the Champions League. Borussia Dortmund were back in the groove on Tuesday night with Marco Reus and Robert Lewandowski looking sharp. Schalke, again thanks to their precocious and brilliant playmaker Julian Draxler, achieved victory over a hard-working Basel while on Wednesday Jens Hegeler's stupendous last-minute free-kick earned Bayer Leverkusen the three points at the expense of Real Sociedad. At the vanguard, as usual, were Bayern Munich. If you caught minutes 80-90 without looking at the scoreboard you might have thought City were in with a chance. Bayern, down to 10 men with young substitutes on, tired as their relentless 80-minute press took its toll. What preceded that was the finest spell of football played in Europe this season. It was close to perfection. Happily for the competitiveness of the Bundesliga, Bayern are not, yet, top of the league. That honour goes to Dortmund while Leverkusen are not far behind. With Milan and Juventus drawing and Napoli losing there is only one direction this co-efficient battle is going. German football is in rude health. Cherish record-breaker Giggs while he's still playing "A great source of pride," is how Ryan Giggs described becoming the player with the most appearances in the Champions League. He took his total to 145 in Manchester United's 1-1 draw away at Shakhtar Donetsk. In the match against the Ukrainians he edged past Raul in the all-time ranking. Well, Giggsy, it has been a great source of happiness watching you play football for the past 23 years. Robson, Cantona, Keane, Beckham, Scholes and Sir Alex Ferguson himself have been and gone since Giggs made his debut and now alone he stands as a last link to United's glorious heritage. Here is a player who remains in prime physical condition a month short of his 40th birthday and who has been a model of consistency and professionalism throughout his distinguished career. Despite stacking up the honours year after year his appetite remains undiminished and his willingness to teach younger players shines brightly. The Welshman is living football history and his presence should be cherished where ever he plays between now and his retirement. He's played close to 950 club matches in United's colours. Here's to 1,000. Hot-shot Mitroglou gives Olympiacos hope PSG's destruction of Benfica, inspired by the brilliant Zlatan Ibrahimovic, moved the French champions to six points and seemingly out of sight with two games against Anderlecht to come but it will also have been hailed in Piraeus by Olympiacos. The Greek champions were comprehensively outplayed by the Parisians on matchday one but put themselves in with a fighting chance of progress with a 3-0 smash-and-grab win over the Belgians away from home. The main source of their win was Kostas Mitroglou, the Greece international forward. He scored a hat-trick on the night, the pick of which was his third goal. Late in the game, he caressed the top of the ball with the underside of his left-foot and drove expertly a shot into the top corner with his right. It was the goal of a man in form. Amazingly, it was Mitrogolou's third hat-trick of the season for Olympiacos having already rattled in two for the Super League leaders against Levadiakos and Xanthi. Deprived of the talents of Djamel Abdoun this season, Olympiacos will look to Mitroglou as well as impressive new pair Vladimir Weiss and Javier Saviola for Champions League progression. The games against Benfica are now vital.
The Football Museum is a thematic museum, located in the Stadium Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho. The museum features many interactive audiovisual resources. Pictures of great players such as Pele, Zico and Ronaldo are projected on large screens, and narrated displays introduce important stories in the history of the sport. Club histories are also represented with flags, banners, posters, and other supporter memorabilia. For young people who like technology, a “virtual field” allows visitors to kick an imaginary ball into a 3D goal. There's not enough space available to describe all of incredible content on display at the Football Museum. The best way to discover everything it has to offer is to go yourself. It's a must-see for anyone visiting Sao Paulo. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
David Moyes has again insisted that he is the right man to lead Manchester United after the club suffered their worst start to a season in 24 years. The champions have lost three of their opening six Premier League games under the Scot and currently lie 12th in the standings with a return of just seven points. But Moyes, who succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson's 26-and-a-half year reign in June, has confidence in his abilities and those of the United squad as he looks to climb at the table. "I'm sure United know they picked the right man for the job and Sir Alex was part of that process as well," he told reporters on Friday. "They're really good players. They know the standards they've set over the years - together we'll work to get it right. "It's a long season. We'll hang in there and get ourselves as close to the top as soon as we can." United's next test is the trip to the Stadum of Light to face managerless Sunderland. Kevin Ball is taking charge of the Black Cats on a temporary basis and Moyes has warned his squad not to underestimate the struggling side. "It's an important game," he noted. "We want to try and win it so we'll pick a team which we think can get a result. "Kevin is very experienced. They look like they played quite well in the last two games." Wayne Rooney is expected to be fit to face Sunderland on Saturday but Moyes admits that he is unsure of the latest on the striker's shin injury, adding: "I've not seen Wayne this morning so I couldn't give you an update yet."
Swansea 1-0 St Gallen: Routledge & Tremmel keep Swans on track The German goalkeeper saved a weak penalty in the first half before the winger struck soon after the break to continue a fine start to the Europa League for Michael Laudrup's men The sides had gone in level at the break at the Liberty Stadium after Swans goalkeeper Gerhard Tremmel saved Goran Karanovic's penalty following a Dwight Tiendalli handball. However, Wayne Routledge's close-range finish after 52 minutes was enough to give Michael Laudrup's men back-to-back wins in Europe. Swansea made four changes from their opening win over Valencia, with captain Leon Britton and winger Routledge among those to make the starting XI. The Swiss were unchanged from their last Europa League outing, a 2-0 win over Kuban Krasnodar. The first chance of the game fell to the home side, with Michu striking a powerful effort straight at Daniel Lopar after three minutes. The visitors spurned a golden opportunity to move ahead when Karanovic missed a penalty after 15 minutes. Roberto Rodriguez's cross struck the arm of Tiendalli but the spot kick was easily saved by Tremmel after a staggered run-up. Marco Mathys went close shortly after as the visitors gradually grew into the game, rolling an effort past the onrushing goalkeeper and marginally wide of the far post. Swansea came close to taking the lead when Lopar pushed a Jordi Amat header onto the post after 23 minutes following a teasing delivery from Ben Davies - however, nobody was free to poke the loose ball home. Mathys again tested Tremmell just after the half-hour mark, with the German fumbling his fierce long-range effort, before Wilfried Bony had the last chance of the half. After linking well with Michu, the Ivorian fired just wide of Lopar's left-hand post. The home side eventually took the lead when Bony's effort from the right was parried away by Lopar into the path of Routledge. The winger latched on to the loose ball and poked in from close range to edge the home side in front seven minutes into the second half. Substitute Alhassane Keita almost provided a swift reply after but he put the ball over the bar after expertly controlling a long ball from Lopar. Nathan Dyer would have made it two but for a Lopar save 12 minutes from time before Stephane Nater struck Tremmel's left-hand post for the visitors. However, the home side saw out the tie to move top of their group, with Laudrup's charges yet to concede a goal in Europe this season.
Brazil 2-0 Zambia: Oscar inspires Selecao to fourth successive win The Chelsea man came off the bench to open scoring in China before Dede put the game to bed six minutes later with his first ever goal for his country Brazil racked up their fourth successive victory by beating Zambia 2-0 in a friendly fixture in Beijing on Tuesday. Luiz Felipe Scolari's men were far from their fluent best but, after a goalless first half, Chelsea midfielder Oscar came off the bench to open the scoring with a deflected effort. Shortly after, the game was put beyond all doubt when Dede notched his first international goal with a close-range header. Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva was handed his first start in nearly two years, while Alexandre Pato and Lucas Moura were also given opportunities. Patrice Beaumelle was in the dugout for Zambia, after taking control on an interim basis following the departure of Herve Renard to Sochaux. Brazil almost made an electric start in the third minute when Neymar's sublime free kick rebounded off the crossbar. Shortly after, his Barcelona team-mate Daniel Alves hit a half-volley that narrowly drifted over the bar. On the 15-minute mark a clever one-two between Ramires and Neymar led to the Chelsea midfielder going one-on-one with Kennedy Mweene only to ultimately put his effort just wide of the post. Emmanuel Mayuka was lively up front for Zambia without causing any real issues for the Brazilian defence and only had a tame effort which was held by Diego Cavalieri. Neymar should have put Brazil ahead in the 37th minute when he looped a header wide from Maxwell's delivery when unmarked in the box. And he was again thwarted on the stroke of half-time with Mweene parrying his left-footed effort for a corner as the sides went in level at the break. Brazil started the second half in lacklustre fashion with Scolari visibly frustrated on the sidelines. David Luiz did go close with a 25-yard free kick but his effort was smartly parried away by Mweene. However, the deadlock was finally broken in the 59th minute, courtesy of substitute Oscar. The Chelsea midfielder cut inside Mayuka on the left before hitting a 20-yard effort that took a huge deflection off Chisambu Lungu and looped over Mweene into the far corner. As Zambia tired, the game was put beyond doubt in the 66th minute when Dede pulled away from his marker to head home Neymar's free kick from six yards. Buoyed by their quick-fire double, Brazil continued to push for a third and Oscar should have done so in the dying stages when after a flowing move he curled an effort straight at Mweene. But the miss made no difference to the final outcome as Brazil extended their winning run to four matches. Scolari will now look ahead to Brazil's friendly clash with Honduras in Miami in November.
The 52-year-old has engaged in more verbal jousting with his arch-rival by mocking the status of his Fifa award compared to his title of Player of the Century Argentina legend Diego Maradona has reignited his feud with Pele by claiming his recognition from Fifa is "not worth sh*t". Maradona trumped his Brazilian counterpart to the Player of the Century award in 2000, collecting 53 per cent of the internet-based vote, while Pele's achievements were also recognised after he topped a poll of Fifa's "Football Family" at the same ceremony. However, the 52-year-old feels that his rival's award is paled into insignificance by his own. "In 2000 I won the Player of the Century award thanks to the people. Pele was second," he told reporters. "He also came second behind [Aryton] Senna as Brazil's greatest sportsman. "The award that Fifa gave Pele isn't worth sh*t." Meanwhile, the former Argentina boss has also launched a scathing attack on Fifa's president Sepp Blatter and its senior delegates, questioning their competency level when they are "so old that they cannot even drive a car". He added: "The Fifa directors are all over 95 years old! "The people there are so old that they cannot even drive a car, so how do they lead the world of football?"
The Itaquerão Stadium is located about 23 km from the city center (i.e. - Paulista Avenue), and 29 km from the Congonhas Airport. Subway / CPTM stations named "Corinthians-Itaquera" is located next to the stadium. So, trains may be the best transportation option for the fans. Subway Direction: The Corinthians-Itaquera Station is the last stop of Line 3 (Orange Line) CPTM Direction: You can also get to the Corinthians-Itaquera Station by CPMT (Line E) Taxi: A taxi fair can be expensive. From the Congonhas Airport or City Center (i.e.- Paulista Avenue), the taxi fair can be around BRL 200 or USD 100 with the traffic. The price could drop to a half "if" there is no traffic; however, don't count on it as there is little chance that you will face no traffic in the city during the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
Valencia centre-back Adil Rami will sign for AC Milan in January on loan with an option to buy at the end of the season, the Liga club have confirmed. The France international had become out of favour at Mestalla after a public fall-out that involved him criticising coach Miroslav Djukic and he will not play again for the Spanish side this season. Los Che endured a poor start to the season - with four consecutive defeats - and Rami lashed out on Spanish radio, to which the club responded by removing him from the first team. Valencia then suspended the 27-year-old without pay for a week for his actions as the wheels kicked into motion for his departure to San Siro, and he is already training with the Rossoneri but cannot play for the first team until January. Rami joined Valencia from Lille in 2011 having spent roughly five years at the Ligue 1 club and he has 26 caps for les Bleus since his 2010 debut.
The Bavarians' Spanish coach has been pleasantly surprised by how quickly his new side have adapted to his style and insists there is more to come if his personnel heed his words Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola believes his side will continue to improve once key players recover from injury and his squad continue to accept his managerial decisions. The Bavarians have been without a number of first-team stars in recent weeks with Holger Badstuber, Javi Martinez and Thiago Alcantara all absent while Mario Gotze and Bastian Schweinsteiger have been struggling for fitness. But Guardiola has fired a warning to other Bundesliga sides, insisting that his team can only improve on their early-season showings - if they correctly carry out his instructions. "I am convinced that we will be even better when all the players are fit," he told the club's official magazine. "But we will only be in the hunt for titles at the end of the season if each player accepts my decisions in this great squad. "Otherwise, we have problems. I am a great friend of my players when they accept what I say. I support those who accept my decisions but those who do not want to understand will sit in the stands. I say again: we need all of our players." Guardiola took over from Jupp Heynckes this season and admits that when he got the call to become Bayern coach, he made an instant decision to accept the role. "From the first contact I had with Bayern, I knew within seconds: you have to do it," he said. "I did not want to pass up the opportunity to work here with this great team that the club had put together in the past few years. Had I said no, I might not have been asked again." Bayern sit top of the Bundesliga after eight games and have already demonstrated their class with fine domestic and European displays, most notably a 3-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. And the Spaniard has been pleased with what he has seen from his side so far. "It's not all that important to be top of the table in October, but it's always nice to be there," Guardiola continued. "All that matters at the moment is that we get to grips with our playing style. It's an ongoing process and the performances against Manchester City and Leverkusen show we've already reached a decent level that we want to maintain in the coming weeks. "I'm honestly really surprised how quickly the players have taken my ideas on board. We definitely need more time, but the level is already very, very high ... I'm happy how we're playing."
Brazil 2-0 Zambia: Oscar inspires Selecao to fourth successive win The Chelsea man came off the bench to open scoring in China before Dede put the game to bed six minutes later with his first ever goal for his country Brazil racked up their fourth successive victory by beating Zambia 2-0 in a friendly fixture in Beijing on Tuesday. Luiz Felipe Scolari's men were far from their fluent best but, after a goalless first half, Chelsea midfielder Oscar came off the bench to open the scoring with a deflected effort. Shortly after, the game was put beyond all doubt when Dede notched his first international goal with a close-range header. Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva was handed his first start in nearly two years, while Alexandre Pato and Lucas Moura were also given opportunities. Patrice Beaumelle was in the dugout for Zambia, after taking control on an interim basis following the departure of Herve Renard to Sochaux. Brazil almost made an electric start in the third minute when Neymar's sublime free kick rebounded off the crossbar. Shortly after, his Barcelona team-mate Daniel Alves hit a half-volley that narrowly drifted over the bar. On the 15-minute mark a clever one-two between Ramires and Neymar led to the Chelsea midfielder going one-on-one with Kennedy Mweene only to ultimately put his effort just wide of the post. Emmanuel Mayuka was lively up front for Zambia without causing any real issues for the Brazilian defence and only had a tame effort which was held by Diego Cavalieri. Neymar should have put Brazil ahead in the 37th minute when he looped a header wide from Maxwell's delivery when unmarked in the box. And he was again thwarted on the stroke of half-time with Mweene parrying his left-footed effort for a corner as the sides went in level at the break. Brazil started the second half in lacklustre fashion with Scolari visibly frustrated on the sidelines. David Luiz did go close with a 25-yard free kick but his effort was smartly parried away by Mweene. However, the deadlock was finally broken in the 59th minute, courtesy of substitute Oscar. The Chelsea midfielder cut inside Mayuka on the left before hitting a 20-yard effort that took a huge deflection off Chisambu Lungu and looped over Mweene into the far corner. As Zambia tired, the game was put beyond doubt in the 66th minute when Dede pulled away from his marker to head home Neymar's free kick from six yards. Buoyed by their quick-fire double, Brazil continued to push for a third and Oscar should have done so in the dying stages when after a flowing move he curled an effort straight at Mweene. But the miss made no difference to the final outcome as Brazil extended their winning run to four matches. Scolari will now look ahead to Brazil's friendly clash with Honduras in Miami in November.
Goal takes a look at the sides that can seal their places at international football's greatest show in the coming days With the qualification campaign for the 2014 World Cup approaching its decisive stages, a number of teams will this week be looking to book their tickets for next year's tournament. Hosts Brazil have already been joined by Asian representatives Japan, Australia, Iran and South Korea, European teams Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Belgium and Switzerland, as well as Concacaf outfits USA, Costa Rica and fellow South American sides Argentina and Colombia. Additionally, a number of nations from Africa, Europe, North America and South America can also seal qualification in the coming days. In Europe, Russia will be confident of reaching next year's tournament with just one more game to go in Group F. A draw against Azerbaijan will be enough for Fabio Capello's men to secure top spot ahead of Portugal, while even a defeat could still see them through, with the Seleccao seven goals worse off ahead of Tuesday's encounter versus Luxembourg. Group G is a straight battle between Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece, with the former likely to top the group if they win against Lithuania due to the huge goal difference between the two sides. Greece will only book their ticket for Brazil if they do better than Bosnia or beat Liechtenstein by 18 goals more than the current leaders defeat Lithuania. Elsewhere, England will qualify if they beat Poland, while a draw or loss will only be enough if second-placed Ukraine fail to beat Group H minnows San Marino. Finally in Europe, reigning world champions Spain need one more point to guarantee their ticket to Brazil. If they lose against Georgia, France can only overtake them if they beat Finland by a sufficient margin to better Spain's goal difference. In the Concacaf zone, Honduras are sitting in pole position to secure qualification as a draw versus bottom-side Jamaica will suffice. However, Mexico can overtake them if they lose and the Mexicans bag the full three points versus Costa Rica. In South America, meanwhile, Ecuador meet Chile, with both teams guaranteed to qualify automatically with a draw. Fifth-placed Uruguay can only book their ticket for the World Cup if they beat Argentina and one of Ecuador or Chile win, while they will also have to significantly improve their goal difference (they are four goals behind Chile and six behind Ecuador at present). The African play-offs continue on Wednesday, with Cote d'Ivoire and Nigeria defending a first-leg lead, while Tunisia travel to Cameroon on Thursday after a scoreless draw at the weekend. Oceania representative New Zealand and Asian side Jordan will be closely monitoring the action in North and South America respectively, with the intercontinental play-offs taking place in November.
The former Serie A star is not impressed with the level of modern football and has rallied against the high wages paid to players these days Faustino Asprilla believes referees give Barcelona forward Lionel Messi too much protection on the pitch. The former Colombia international is of the opinion that life was much harder for attackers during his playing days due to the quality of defenders, as well as match officials' tendency to let play continue wherever possible. "When I still played, forwards did not get as much protection from referees. If someone fouls Messi now, people all over the world start crying and complaining," Asprilla told La Gazzetta dello Sport. "I don't remember anyone complaining when defenders had a go at me, Gabriel Batistuta or Marco van Basten. "Life's much easier for attackers these days. There are no defenders like Franco Baresi and Pietro Vierchowod around. I still have nightmares about them." Asprilla then went on to voice his opinion that wages are too high in modern football as he feels only a few players really merit excessive salaries. "Of course, I earned good money, but nowhere near as much as players get now," the 43-year-old explained. "Nowadays even a flop earns per month what someone like Van Basten got in a year. "And I don't exactly see many players of Van Basten's level around ..." Asprilla wore the jerseys of clubs such as Parma, Newcastle United, Palmeiras and Fluminense during his active career.
Retro Liga is a sports brand which has several stores across Brazil and is a big hit with football fans. In the store you will find everything you can imagine, from replica uniforms to key chains, caps, books, and other souvenirs. The historical shirts are exclusive models, accompanied by a card that describes the relevant year of football in vivid detail. Seeking to meet all needs, Liga Retro has women's t-shirts, men's, children's and baby models. The whole family can shop for their team shirts together before going to the stadium. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Roja boss wants his side to finish first in their World Cup qualification group by claiming a point from their clash with Georgia on Saturday Vicente del Bosque has urged his Spain troops to seal top spot in Group I of World Cup qualification for Europe on Tuesday. The world and European champions face Georgia in Albacete in their final clash of the campaign, needing just one point to confirm their automatic place in next summer's tournament. And Del Bosque has ackowledged that his side's campaign has been tough, singling out their home ties with France and Finland, in which they only managed draws. "We are hoping to finish first and we have it in our hands," he told reporters. "We've been through two really bad moments, the game against France at the Vicente Calderon and the one against Finland in Gijon. "We've had moments of great difficulty for those two results. And yet, people are talking about the World Cup as something we've achieved when we're in a moment of trouble. "Georgia are not England or Italy, but we have to finish the job. I'm not calm, even though it's true we only have one step left." Spain's forwards have come under scrutiny over the course of the last year, with la Roja having found the net just 12 times in their seven games, but Del Bosque is convinced of the quality at his disposal. "It's not right to blame the forwards. [Roberto] Soldado is at Tottenham, Alvaro Negredo is at City, who paid a lot of money for him, [Fernando] Torres has had a great career." Spain and Georgia kick off at 21:00CET on Tuesday. Second-placed France, who sit three points behind la Roja, host Finland.
The festival of dreams that is the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ will enchant the world. At PAINT STADIUM, we're holding another competition to get the world excited: the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST. If your dream is to score with a bicycle kick, draw it and submit it to PAINT STADIUM. Your illustrations will help to make the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ even more exciting! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
Gareth Bale's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has launched an attack on Spanish publication Marca, rubbishing reports the sports daily published regarding his client suffering from a slipped disc. The Real Madrid man has yet to feature for a full 90 minutes since becoming the most expensive footballer in history, only turning out in three appearances for Carlo Ancelotti's men. But Barnett has refuted allegations that Bale, who has been out for almost two weeks with a thigh issue, failed his medical before his €100 million transfer in September owing to a slipped disc problem. "I spoke to a reporter from Marca, I told him: ‘It’s complete rubbish,' and yet they still print it," the agent told La Sexta. "Whatever they say is a lie. "He passed the medical, he’s 100 per cent fit, there’s no problem. He’s the most expensive transfer in history; if there was a problem, they [Madrid] would have stopped the transfer. "How stupid and irresponsible of Marca to have run such a stupid story. There is no problem. He has a slight tear in his thigh, he’ll be fit to play hopefully after the internationals. "He [Bale] is angry, not sad. He’s angry that a newspaper can write such rubbish. We won’t be speaking to anybody else about this one story and we will never speak about it ever again, it’s complete rubbish." The 24-year-old has not produced the desired impact in his stint at the Santiago Bernabeu yet, with Ancelotti recently claiming his star's adaptation was being hampered by injury. Following los Blancos' revelation that Bale suffers from a disc bulge, the head of the capital outfit's medical services has insisted that Madrid have nothing to worry about. "You have to put chronic disk protrusions in context of the sporting world," Carlos Diez explained to Cadena SER. "The majority of players suffer from them and it makes sense, because we are talking about players competing at the highest level, who suffer more wear and tear than a normal person. "When Bale had his medical no clinical condition was discovered, just a radiological finding. There’s no threat that he will need surgery. "Bale played last season in the Premier League without any problems, he’s trained very well with us and we don’t need to give these findings any more importance. "Our view was that the player was ready and therefore there was nothing to report to the president [Florentino Perez]."
South Korea 0-2 Brazil: Neymar and Oscar seal win The Selecao continued their preparations for World Cup 2014 with a routine victory over their Asian hosts on Saturday Goals from Neymar and Oscar saw Brazil chalk up their third straight victory as they saw off South Korea 2-0 at the Seoul World Cup stadium. Luiz Felipe Scolari's side were far from their fluent best on Saturday but still managed to overcome a stubborn challenge from the home side. After a first period devoid of clear-cut chances, Neymar lit up the game with a sublime free-kick on the stroke of half-time. And the encounter was put beyond doubt shortly after the break as Oscar rounded goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong and fired into the open net. Scolari named an attacking starting XI with Neymar and Hulk partnering Jo in a front three. South Korea boss Hong Myung-Bo left Bayer Leverkusen forward Son Heung-Min on the bench, although Sunderland midfielder Ki Sung-Yeung started. Brazil made a lacklustre start to the game and could have gone behind in the third minute when Koo Ja-Cheol fired wide from the left of the box after Ki's neat through ball. The visitors' first glimpse of the Korean goal came when Hulk played a one-two with Jo before shooting, but his strike was smothered by Jung. Chelsea midfielder Oscar then hit a snap shot on the turn from 25-yards that cleared the crossbar. Brazil's failure to create clear-cut chances led to a spell of increased pressure from South Korea. David Luiz crucially headed an exquisite Lee Chung-Yong cross away from Koo, before a surging run from Kim Bo-Kyung resulted in the midfielder firing straight at Jefferson. But the hosts failed to make this period count and Brazil went ahead in the 44th minute. Neymar was felled by Lee Yong on the right and the Barcelona star picked himself up to curl a superb 25-yard free-kick into the corner on the stroke of half-time. And Scolari’s men doubled their lead four minutes after the interval. Oscar collected a defence-splitting pass from Paulinho and deftly beat the goalkeeper before shooting into the empty goal. Brazil then went close to extending their lead on the hour mark. Neymar's cross caused panic in the South Korea box and Luiz Gustavo made a late run to power a header goalwards with Lee Yong making a crucial deflection. South Korea nearly reduced the arrears from a corner with 20 minutes remaining, but Lee Chung-Yong put his near-post header wide. Hernanes could have added a third in the dying stages, but the Lazio midfielder hit a tame effort straight at Jung from the edge of the box. This made no difference to the result though, as Brazil built on victories over Australia and Portugal in their last two fixtures. Scolari's men will now switch their focus to Tuesday's friendly with Zambia in Beijing.
The PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST has kicked off at PAINT STADIUM, and we're waiting for you to submit your great illustrations. Whether your dream is to be the captain of your country's national team or something even greater, draw it in an illustration and send it to the world. It doesn't matter how skilled an artist you are. We're waiting for your art! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
England 4-1 Montenegro: Townsend caps perfect night for Hodgson The Tottenham forward starred for the Three Lions, with Wayne Rooney opening the scoring and Daniel Sturridge adding late on, while Dejan Damjanovic netted for the visitors Andros Townsend scored on his debut as England beat Montenegro 4-1 at Wembley to take a big step towards qualification for the 2014 World Cup. Wayne Rooney opened the scoring with his sixth goal in Group H on his return to the side and an own goal from Branko Boskovic doubled England's lead. But it was Townsend who stole the show as the Tottenham winger added a third after Dejan Damjanovic had pulled a goal back in the second half. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge scored a late penalty to leave England needing one more win against Poland on Tuesday to secure their place at the showpiece in Brazil next year. Defeat for Montenegro looks certain to have cost them a place at the World Cup, as second-placed Ukraine are three points better off than them with a far superior goal difference. As well as handing a debut to Townsend, England boss Roy Hodgson opted to pair Premier League top scorer Sturridge with Rooney in attack. Montenegro were without captain Mirko Vucinic, defenders Miodrag Dzudovic and Marko Basa as well as midfielder Milorad Pekovic - but Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic started, while also being handed the captain's armband. With the backing of a vociferous home crowd at Wembley, England started brightly and created several half-chances before Leighton Baines did well to win the ball back and pick out Welbeck from the byline. The forward fired straight at goalkeeper Vukasin Poleksic at the near post, however. Meanwhile, Townsend was causing all sorts of problems and he raced away down the right, before cutting in to shoot straight at Poleksic, who palmed the ball invitingly into Rooney’s path. Again, though, the striker could only fire into the side-netting from a tight angle. But Rooney made amends for that miss just two minutes into the second half when he put England in front. Unsurprisingly, Townsend was the architect, driving down the right before providing a cross that was headed into Welbeck’s path and, although the onrushing forward’s shot was saved by Poleksic, Rooney was on hand to tuck the ball home from six yards. England then doubled their lead in bizarre fashion after 61 minutes, when Welbeck raced into the box and fired the ball across the box before Boskovic toed the ball into the far corner of his own net. It was an uncompromising finish. Jovetic was unfortunate not to pull a goal back almost immediately, though, when his vicious right-foot drive from 25 yards out rattled the crossbar. But the visitors did make a game of it with 18 minutes remaining when Damjanovic diverted Fatos Beciraj’s shot into the far corner. England were not to be denied, however, and Townsend added a third with a fine right-foot drive from 20 yards with 12 minutes remaining, before Sturridge put the icing on the cake with a penalty in stoppage time. He was upended close to the byline by Ivan Kecojevic - but there was no stopping his composed spot-kick.
A typical snack of São Paulo, 'Pastel da Maria' was elected several times as the best in town. With superb quality and freshly baked products always available, it is very difficult to eat just one. Customers will find everything in the extensive menu: savory pasteis, special pasteis (with exclusive recipes) and sweets. All customers, young and old, leave satisfied. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The striker wanted to leave Manchester United this summer and, although he claims he is now "settled", he once again dodged contract questions Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney has revealed his frustration at being asked to play out of position by Sir Alex Ferguson last season, and once again refused to commit his future to the club. Rooney was desperate to leave Old Trafford this summer only to be thwarted by the club's refusal to sell him to a Premier League rival, with Arsenal and Chelsea the two clubs to show firm interest. The England striker has started the season in fine form, scoring five goals in eight games, but although he says he has felt "happy" and "settled" for months he also told of his irritation at not being played up front alongside Robin van Persie. "Everyone at the club knew where I wanted to play and I think that's why I was disappointed," he told reporters. "I got told to play in midfield and I didn't want to. I just think there had to come a point when, for my own career, I had to be a bit selfish really. "I actually felt when I played in midfield I did okay, but I didn't want to play there. I've had no problem in the past playing out of position, but I felt I deserved the right to play in my position and that wasn't happening. "I think, naturally, I was a bit disappointed and maybe that affected some of the games I played. I know myself that last year wasn't my best season but there were times when I was playing in different positions. "I didn't feel I got a consistent run of games up front. Sometimes when you're not playing in one position all the time it's difficult to adapt." Yet despite talking publicly about some of the reasons for his unhappiness at United over the last few months, the 27-year-old also claimed that he never, in fact, had any problems during the transfer window. "To be honest, I've been settled all summer," he added. "I really have been happy all summer. From the outside looking in, it might not have seemed like it, but I have been settled. "My wife had a new child and I'm just delighted to be back playing and injury-free. I've got my head down and worked hard. I've been focused and I've been wanting to prove to people that I am a top player. That's what I've really tried to do." Manchester United rejected two bids for Rooney from Chelsea during pre-season, before Jose Mourinho urged the striker to make his intentions known during the final week of the transfer window. Rooney decided to remain silent, publicly at least, as he quickly realised that the Red Devils were not interested in a sale: "I'm sure the club made that clear," he said. "Obviously there's been a lot of stuff happening and everyone has been waiting for me to say something, but I've spoken to the people who matter at the club and we've known ourselves what was going on. "I didn't want to come out saying anything. I just wanted to concentrate on my football. That's what I've done and that's what I'll continue to do. I'm not going to go around saying: 'I wanted to stay' or 'I wanted to leave'. I'll concentrate on my football and see what happens after that." It is not the first time Rooney, whose contract expires at the end of next season, has used that line to divert awkward questions about his current situation. When asked by ITV if he would be signing a new contract at Old Trafford following a Champions League match in September, the striker flatly stated that he is concentrating on his football. He employed a similar tactic again in Wednesday's press conference. "You can see I'm playing and I'm happy in my football. I'll have more discussions with the club and we'll see what happens from there." Reports at the beginning of the season suggested that Van Persie was unhappy with the playing tactics and high-intensity training implemened by Ferguson's replacement, David Moyes, but Rooney, for one, says he is enjoying life under his former Everton mentor, including the extra workload. "It's a bit different in terms of David Moyes and his staff coming in," he continued. "The training is different, there's a different style, a different way of thinking about how he wants us to play. "Honestly, the training has been so hard. We've done a lot more running. Long running, quicker running, sharper running. "I feel that's really benefited me. I feel as fit as I ever have done. I had a couple of injuries pre-season but I feel great and in good shape. It's a mixture of things, but I am happy and I am enjoying my football."
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema says he is not overly concerned about his current goal drought for France, claiming "it will not last 10 years". The 25-year-old hasn't found the back of the net for les Bleus for 1,217 minutes, but insists he knows that run will end sooner rather than later. "It is true that it's the longest period of my career without scoring, but it will not last 10 years," Benzema told Sport. "I have to keep working hard on my game and not give up, and I know I will reap the rewards. There are various types of number 9. There are those that don't score so much, but that offer other things. I'm in that group. "I don't have it in my head to score, I have it in my head that my team must win. If I score, all the better. Although of course, it is better if I do score." The Real Madrid star also played down claims that he has a poor attitude, insisting he has an unrelenting appetite to play football. "For me, an attitude problem is not wanting to enter the field of play," he continued. "Trust me, I want to play all time so I do not have a bad attitude. "I have to start to work defensively, but I know that above all my main job is to score goals. It's not my job to run all the way to Lloris' area. "However, I run 10 kilometres a game, and so feel that this criticism is undeserved. I run a lot."
PAINT STADIUM, which is bringing even more color to the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, is looking for your entries to the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST with the theme “YOUR FOOTBALL DREAM.” Do you dream of winning the World Cup, or do you have something else in mind? Turn your innermost hope into an illustration. We're waiting for the art that will propel your dream into coming true! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
The superstar forward injured his hamstring during Barcelona's Liga meeting with Almeria at the end of last month and is facing at least another fortnight on the sidelines Lionel Messi will sit out Argentina's World Cup qualifiers against Peru and Uruguay as he is still recovering from a thigh problem. The Barcelona superstar was initially named in coach Alejandro Sabella's preliminary squad for the final two games of qualification. However, with their progression already confirmed, the 26-year-old attacker has been released from the squad to recover from his thigh injury. The Argentine Football Association (AFA) confirmed on their website that Messi, along with Javier Mascherano and Gonzalo Higuain, will not have to meet up with the national team. Mascherano suffered a hamstring injury at the end of September and has missed Barcelona's last three matches. Meanwhile, Higuain was not involved in Napoli's Champions League clash with Arsenal due to a calf injury and he also missed their Serie A victory over Livorno on Sunday. Argentina face Peru on October 11 before travelling to Montevideo four days later to take on Uruguay.
The former Everton manager has had a rocky start to his tenure and "is under a bit of pressure" but the England forward feels that it is the squad who have been underperforming Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney admits that manager David Moyes is "under a bit of pressure" but feels that he and his fellow players are to blame. Despite coming from behind to beat Sunderland on Saturday, the Red Devils are only ninth in the Premier League table after seven games. But Rooney has urged his team-mates to use the comeback against the Black Cats as motivation in the future, and says the squad are still adapting to Moyes' style. "Obviously the manager is under a bit of pressure," Rooney told reporters. "We know as a team it's us who have let him down. We have to pull together for the manager and show the sort of fight we have done here and we'll be fine. "It will be because it's a new manager with different styles and we have to adapt to them," he argued of the drop in results. "We need to do better for him than we have been." Adnan Januzaj was the hero for United at the Stadium of Light. On his first start, the 18-year-old scored twice to turn the game around and the England international was thrilled to see the youngster excel. "He's a great prospect," Rooney enthused. "He takes the ball, he runs at players and he's got great ability. It's great the manager has thrown him into the side, especially with what has happened in the last few games. "There was big pressure on us but the manager has trusted him and he has repaid that. He's very confident - that's great to see. "A lot of the young players who come through are a little bit timid and shy but he looks comfortable and he's confident in his own ability, which you need to be. It was a brave move to play him in the circumstances and we’re delighted it's paid off. "There is a lot of pressure but he seems to thrive on it. We know the ability he has got but you never know how they are going to react when they are thrown into games. "We need to help the younger players and, if we do that, they'll be moments where they come in and win us the game, as has happened here. The experienced lads need to help them emerge into a team."
The opening stadium of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ is under construction, and expected to be more modern, luxurious and affordable than the Maracanã. The Itaquerão is located in the East Zone of São Paulo and will include shops, restaurants, and four thousand parking spaces, all on a plot of just 200,000 m². With enough capacity for 68,000 spectators (including 20,000 removable seats), the Brazilian National Team will open the World Cup here on June 12. They'll play on a natural grass pitch with a special American-made irrigation system, in a stadium with the technological capabilities to promote the world's greatest show to millions of fans. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Portuguese struck a 94th-minute winner to claim all three points for Real after they had looked like losing at Levante, but it was yet another poor performance away from home There was no refereeing controversy this time. Real Madrid's last-gasp win at Elche recently had come about thanks largely to the helping hand of match official Cesar Muniz Fernandez, who awarded a highly-contentious penalty deep into added time. On this occasion, however, it was more Madrid's fight and unwillingness to lie down that brought the reward of a late leveller and, subsequently, a 94th-minute winner. Carlo Ancelotti's side had looked second best for most of the night, twice going behind to a spirited and hard-working Levante side. But like last season, Alvaro Morata popped up with a last-minute effort - this time to level the scores - and Cristiano Ronaldo then hit home via a deflection to seal a sensational 3-2 win. Ronaldo rescued Real's fast-faltering hopes of winning La Liga and the strike spared Ancelotti's blushes, yet it could not hide a multitude of sins on another depressing night's football for the capital club. Marca described Madrid's performance as "dreadful", noting that the team had played with the "spirit" they have always shown - if "little else". "Ronaldo and Morata get Madrid out of intensive care," the paper added. The goal meant much to Madrid's players. Ronaldo removed his shirt to earn a booking he hardly seemed to care about, while goalkeeper Diego Lopez raced off his line and ran down the pitch to join in the wild celebrations. And on the bench, Ancelotti cut a relieved figure. "The victory was very important because it was a very difficult match," the Italian explained. "We never gave in, but we gave two goals away and we need to concentrate better because that made things complicated. But, when our team plays, we can win a game in five minutes..." On the road, however, Madrid have struggled in La Liga all season. An unconvincing 1-0 win at Granada in Real's first away game this term was followed by a 2-2 draw at Villarreal which, on a different night, could eaily have been a defeat. Then came the highly-controversial 2-1 victory at Elche, and now another success achieved in extremis on Saturday. But more worrying than the results, which have been generally good, will be the nature of the performances in those matches. On Saturday, Madrid began poorly and even though they were the better team by the interval, Levante came out stronger again and took the initiative with the first goal and also the third after Sergio Ramos had cancelled out Baba's opener. In the first half, it had looked like Madrid's more technical players held the key to breaking the Levante resolve, yet Ancelotti once again chose to take off the influential Isco and leave on the ineffectual Karim Benzema. To the Italian's credit, however, all three of his substitutions worked out as Morata netted the equaliser, fellow youngster Jese (who did replace the French forward late on) helped set up that goal and Marcelo changed the flow of the match with his penetrating attacks down the left flank. Still, there appeared to be no definite pattern to their game. Madrid, playing against a back line defending deep, needed to generate the play - and they are still struggling to do so. The sheer intensity of the home side caught the visitors off guard, too, and on this evidence, Xabi Alonso cannot return fast enough to add both solidity and creativity to a Madrid midfield which is currently lacking in both departments. And as so often before, Ronaldo was the hero. The Portuguese now has 12 goals from Madrid's opening 10 games in all competitions (matching his best season start, last term, although that included four penalties instead of two) and 50 strikes for club and country in 2013. But it was the result that mattered most for his side as it kept Madrid within five points of Barca (still with a perfect record in the Primera Division) with eight rounds of La Liga completed and ahead of the Clasico clash at Camp Nou later in October. That trip to the Catalan capital will be the greatest test of Madrid's title credentials but, given their continued struggles away from home, Ancelotti's side currently look nowhere near ready to face it.
It was as you were in matchday two of this competition, with Atletico Madrid impressing again, while Greenpeace protestors left Uefa with an awkward moment Juventus' ineptitude strikes again, another Real Madrid forward fires a shot across the bows of Gareth Bale and Atletico Madrid rumble on. Some things haven't changed from matchday one in the Champions League. Galatasaray ensure that the Italian champions must now take at least four points from a relentless Real Madrid, who could count on Angel Di Maria to deliver a match-winning performance against Copenhagen. Meanwhile, slick neighbours Atletico remain perfect in their group following a well-planned 2-1 win over Porto. Arsenal lead the English charge after their hugely impressive win, courtesy of the brilliant Mesut Ozil, against Napoli guaranteed six points from six. Chelsea are back on track after winning at a Steaua Bucharest side sorely lacking Vlad Chiriches. Manchester City's humbling at the hands of Bayern was one for the ages while United did well to hold Shakhtar, ultimately, to a draw. There was no shortage of controversy either. Mario Balotelli's rescue act for AC Milan was prompted by the dubious award of a last-minute penalty against Ajax and Zenit were furious to see Axel Witsel sent off for a seemingly legitimate challenge in the damaging 0-0 draw with Austria Vienna. Here are this week's talking points: Brown in the wrong, again, not Neymar Why should Neymar have to put up with criticism from the Celtic manager, Neil Lennon, and his Scotland counterpart Gordon Strachan after being attacked by Scott Brown on Tuesday night? Lennon told the press in the wake of Barcelona's 1-0 win at Parkhead that the game turned on Brown's red card and referred to Neymar's reputation as a diver as the main reason behind it. Well, there is one simple way to put a stop to all such conjecture: don't kick Neymar in the back. Scott Brown stupidly abdicated his captain's duties, nudging the Brazilian with his foot like a brat, leaving his side to play for half an hour against one of the best teams in the world. What ensued, inevitably, was a Barcelona victory. This season in the Champions League Brown had already stamped on a Shakhter Karagandy player and elbowed Mario Balotelli off the ball in the defeat to Milan, instigating a goal. Why is Celtic's captain behaving so thuggishly, seemingly intent on inflicting damage to his own team? And why is his manager excusing his behaviour, passing the blame to the victim? Even Brown's apology for the Barcelona dismissal was couched in the language of a man failing to grasp the consequence of his actions. In between "I made a mistake" and "I put my team-mates in a difficult position" were phrases like "in the heat of the moment", "I think it was a harsh decision" and "there wasn't a huge amount of contact." Things are hard enough for Celtic in a group containing Barcelona, Milan and Ajax. They do not need the indiscipline of Brown compromising their chances any further. His suspension should be welcomed by the players he can no longer endanger, on both sides. Uefa's relationship with Gazprom put under scrutiny On September 18, Greenpeace activists scaled Gazprom's Prirazlomnaya platform in protest against oil drilling in the Arctic. An AP investigation concluded that at least 5 million tonnes of Russian oil is lost to spillage every year. Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund published a report last month which warned of potential environmental catastrophe in the region in the event of a spill. In response to the scaling of the platform the Russian coastguard seized the Arctic Sunrise ship and towed it to the Murmansk, around 1000 kilometres away, and placed 30 protesters on board under arrest. Russian authorities plan to charge the Greenpeace activists with piracy which carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. There has been worldwide outrage over the detentions and the issue reached the world of football in dramatic circumstances on Tuesday. During the Basel - Schalke match at St Jakob Park, abseilers unveiled a banner carrying the slogan DON'T FOUL THE ARCTIC and calling for the immediate release of the 30 activists. It also, crucially, mentioned by name Gazprom, which is an official Champions League sponsor having signed a deal with Uefa in 2012 for a duration of three seasons. The sums involved were not disclosed but, given the company's 2012 revenue was $152 billion, it was not insignificant. Gazprom, while owning Zenit St Petersburg, also sponsors Schalke as well as Red Star Belgrade and Chelsea. It has become a major player in European football. With Fifa's relationship with the state of Qatar currently under the spotlight and drawing heavy criticism the focus now comes onto Michel Platini's organisation. Not that you would know it. This week no official Uefa highlights package or match report carried news of the protest in Switzerland. Blackout. But those inside the stadium and watching on television know what they saw. It was a moment of acute embarrassment for Uefa and Gazprom and placed under scrutiny the organisation's relationship with an entity seen as unethical and dangerous. Bundesliga clubs can enjoy German Unity Day Representative teams from the Bundesliga can kick back, relax and enjoy a well-deserved day off on German Unity Day today. For the first time in history four competing clubs from Germany won on the same matchday in the Champions League. Borussia Dortmund were back in the groove on Tuesday night with Marco Reus and Robert Lewandowski looking sharp. Schalke, again thanks to their precocious and brilliant playmaker Julian Draxler, achieved victory over a hard-working Basel while on Wednesday Jens Hegeler's stupendous last-minute free-kick earned Bayer Leverkusen the three points at the expense of Real Sociedad. At the vanguard, as usual, were Bayern Munich. If you caught minutes 80-90 without looking at the scoreboard you might have thought City were in with a chance. Bayern, down to 10 men with young substitutes on, tired as their relentless 80-minute press took its toll. What preceded that was the finest spell of football played in Europe this season. It was close to perfection. Happily for the competitiveness of the Bundesliga, Bayern are not, yet, top of the league. That honour goes to Dortmund while Leverkusen are not far behind. With Milan and Juventus drawing and Napoli losing there is only one direction this co-efficient battle is going. German football is in rude health. Cherish record-breaker Giggs while he's still playing "A great source of pride," is how Ryan Giggs described becoming the player with the most appearances in the Champions League. He took his total to 145 in Manchester United's 1-1 draw away at Shakhtar Donetsk. In the match against the Ukrainians he edged past Raul in the all-time ranking. Well, Giggsy, it has been a great source of happiness watching you play football for the past 23 years. Robson, Cantona, Keane, Beckham, Scholes and Sir Alex Ferguson himself have been and gone since Giggs made his debut and now alone he stands as a last link to United's glorious heritage. Here is a player who remains in prime physical condition a month short of his 40th birthday and who has been a model of consistency and professionalism throughout his distinguished career. Despite stacking up the honours year after year his appetite remains undiminished and his willingness to teach younger players shines brightly. The Welshman is living football history and his presence should be cherished where ever he plays between now and his retirement. He's played close to 950 club matches in United's colours. Here's to 1,000. Hot-shot Mitroglou gives Olympiacos hope PSG's destruction of Benfica, inspired by the brilliant Zlatan Ibrahimovic, moved the French champions to six points and seemingly out of sight with two games against Anderlecht to come but it will also have been hailed in Piraeus by Olympiacos. The Greek champions were comprehensively outplayed by the Parisians on matchday one but put themselves in with a fighting chance of progress with a 3-0 smash-and-grab win over the Belgians away from home. The main source of their win was Kostas Mitroglou, the Greece international forward. He scored a hat-trick on the night, the pick of which was his third goal. Late in the game, he caressed the top of the ball with the underside of his left-foot and drove expertly a shot into the top corner with his right. It was the goal of a man in form. Amazingly, it was Mitrogolou's third hat-trick of the season for Olympiacos having already rattled in two for the Super League leaders against Levadiakos and Xanthi. Deprived of the talents of Djamel Abdoun this season, Olympiacos will look to Mitroglou as well as impressive new pair Vladimir Weiss and Javier Saviola for Champions League progression. The games against Benfica are now vital.
The Football Museum is a thematic museum, located in the Stadium Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho. The museum features many interactive audiovisual resources. Pictures of great players such as Pele, Zico and Ronaldo are projected on large screens, and narrated displays introduce important stories in the history of the sport. Club histories are also represented with flags, banners, posters, and other supporter memorabilia. For young people who like technology, a “virtual field” allows visitors to kick an imaginary ball into a 3D goal. There's not enough space available to describe all of incredible content on display at the Football Museum. The best way to discover everything it has to offer is to go yourself. It's a must-see for anyone visiting Sao Paulo. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
David Moyes has again insisted that he is the right man to lead Manchester United after the club suffered their worst start to a season in 24 years. The champions have lost three of their opening six Premier League games under the Scot and currently lie 12th in the standings with a return of just seven points. But Moyes, who succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson's 26-and-a-half year reign in June, has confidence in his abilities and those of the United squad as he looks to climb at the table. "I'm sure United know they picked the right man for the job and Sir Alex was part of that process as well," he told reporters on Friday. "They're really good players. They know the standards they've set over the years - together we'll work to get it right. "It's a long season. We'll hang in there and get ourselves as close to the top as soon as we can." United's next test is the trip to the Stadum of Light to face managerless Sunderland. Kevin Ball is taking charge of the Black Cats on a temporary basis and Moyes has warned his squad not to underestimate the struggling side. "It's an important game," he noted. "We want to try and win it so we'll pick a team which we think can get a result. "Kevin is very experienced. They look like they played quite well in the last two games." Wayne Rooney is expected to be fit to face Sunderland on Saturday but Moyes admits that he is unsure of the latest on the striker's shin injury, adding: "I've not seen Wayne this morning so I couldn't give you an update yet."
Goal takes a look at the sides that can seal their places at international football's greatest show in the coming days With the qualification campaign for the 2014 World Cup approaching its decisive stages, a number of teams will this week be looking to book their tickets for next year's tournament. Hosts Brazil have already been joined by Asian representatives Japan, Australia, Iran and South Korea, European teams Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Belgium and Switzerland, as well as Concacaf outfits USA, Costa Rica and fellow South American sides Argentina and Colombia. Additionally, a number of nations from Africa, Europe, North America and South America can also seal qualification in the coming days. In Europe, Russia will be confident of reaching next year's tournament with just one more game to go in Group F. A draw against Azerbaijan will be enough for Fabio Capello's men to secure top spot ahead of Portugal, while even a defeat could still see them through, with the Seleccao seven goals worse off ahead of Tuesday's encounter versus Luxembourg. Group G is a straight battle between Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece, with the former likely to top the group if they win against Lithuania due to the huge goal difference between the two sides. Greece will only book their ticket for Brazil if they do better than Bosnia or beat Liechtenstein by 18 goals more than the current leaders defeat Lithuania. Elsewhere, England will qualify if they beat Poland, while a draw or loss will only be enough if second-placed Ukraine fail to beat Group H minnows San Marino. Finally in Europe, reigning world champions Spain need one more point to guarantee their ticket to Brazil. If they lose against Georgia, France can only overtake them if they beat Finland by a sufficient margin to better Spain's goal difference. In the Concacaf zone, Honduras are sitting in pole position to secure qualification as a draw versus bottom-side Jamaica will suffice. However, Mexico can overtake them if they lose and the Mexicans bag the full three points versus Costa Rica. In South America, meanwhile, Ecuador meet Chile, with both teams guaranteed to qualify automatically with a draw. Fifth-placed Uruguay can only book their ticket for the World Cup if they beat Argentina and one of Ecuador or Chile win, while they will also have to significantly improve their goal difference (they are four goals behind Chile and six behind Ecuador at present). The African play-offs continue on Wednesday, with Cote d'Ivoire and Nigeria defending a first-leg lead, while Tunisia travel to Cameroon on Thursday after a scoreless draw at the weekend. Oceania representative New Zealand and Asian side Jordan will be closely monitoring the action in North and South America respectively, with the intercontinental play-offs taking place in November.
The 52-year-old has engaged in more verbal jousting with his arch-rival by mocking the status of his Fifa award compared to his title of Player of the Century Argentina legend Diego Maradona has reignited his feud with Pele by claiming his recognition from Fifa is "not worth sh*t". Maradona trumped his Brazilian counterpart to the Player of the Century award in 2000, collecting 53 per cent of the internet-based vote, while Pele's achievements were also recognised after he topped a poll of Fifa's "Football Family" at the same ceremony. However, the 52-year-old feels that his rival's award is paled into insignificance by his own. "In 2000 I won the Player of the Century award thanks to the people. Pele was second," he told reporters. "He also came second behind [Aryton] Senna as Brazil's greatest sportsman. "The award that Fifa gave Pele isn't worth sh*t." Meanwhile, the former Argentina boss has also launched a scathing attack on Fifa's president Sepp Blatter and its senior delegates, questioning their competency level when they are "so old that they cannot even drive a car". He added: "The Fifa directors are all over 95 years old! "The people there are so old that they cannot even drive a car, so how do they lead the world of football?"
The Itaquerão Stadium is located about 23 km from the city center (i.e. - Paulista Avenue), and 29 km from the Congonhas Airport. Subway / CPTM stations named "Corinthians-Itaquera" is located next to the stadium. So, trains may be the best transportation option for the fans. Subway Direction: The Corinthians-Itaquera Station is the last stop of Line 3 (Orange Line) CPTM Direction: You can also get to the Corinthians-Itaquera Station by CPMT (Line E) Taxi: A taxi fair can be expensive. From the Congonhas Airport or City Center (i.e.- Paulista Avenue), the taxi fair can be around BRL 200 or USD 100 with the traffic. The price could drop to a half "if" there is no traffic; however, don't count on it as there is little chance that you will face no traffic in the city during the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
Valencia centre-back Adil Rami will sign for AC Milan in January on loan with an option to buy at the end of the season, the Liga club have confirmed. The France international had become out of favour at Mestalla after a public fall-out that involved him criticising coach Miroslav Djukic and he will not play again for the Spanish side this season. Los Che endured a poor start to the season - with four consecutive defeats - and Rami lashed out on Spanish radio, to which the club responded by removing him from the first team. Valencia then suspended the 27-year-old without pay for a week for his actions as the wheels kicked into motion for his departure to San Siro, and he is already training with the Rossoneri but cannot play for the first team until January. Rami joined Valencia from Lille in 2011 having spent roughly five years at the Ligue 1 club and he has 26 caps for les Bleus since his 2010 debut.
The Bavarians' Spanish coach has been pleasantly surprised by how quickly his new side have adapted to his style and insists there is more to come if his personnel heed his words Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola believes his side will continue to improve once key players recover from injury and his squad continue to accept his managerial decisions. The Bavarians have been without a number of first-team stars in recent weeks with Holger Badstuber, Javi Martinez and Thiago Alcantara all absent while Mario Gotze and Bastian Schweinsteiger have been struggling for fitness. But Guardiola has fired a warning to other Bundesliga sides, insisting that his team can only improve on their early-season showings - if they correctly carry out his instructions. "I am convinced that we will be even better when all the players are fit," he told the club's official magazine. "But we will only be in the hunt for titles at the end of the season if each player accepts my decisions in this great squad. "Otherwise, we have problems. I am a great friend of my players when they accept what I say. I support those who accept my decisions but those who do not want to understand will sit in the stands. I say again: we need all of our players." Guardiola took over from Jupp Heynckes this season and admits that when he got the call to become Bayern coach, he made an instant decision to accept the role. "From the first contact I had with Bayern, I knew within seconds: you have to do it," he said. "I did not want to pass up the opportunity to work here with this great team that the club had put together in the past few years. Had I said no, I might not have been asked again." Bayern sit top of the Bundesliga after eight games and have already demonstrated their class with fine domestic and European displays, most notably a 3-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. And the Spaniard has been pleased with what he has seen from his side so far. "It's not all that important to be top of the table in October, but it's always nice to be there," Guardiola continued. "All that matters at the moment is that we get to grips with our playing style. It's an ongoing process and the performances against Manchester City and Leverkusen show we've already reached a decent level that we want to maintain in the coming weeks. "I'm honestly really surprised how quickly the players have taken my ideas on board. We definitely need more time, but the level is already very, very high ... I'm happy how we're playing."
Brazil 2-0 Zambia: Oscar inspires Selecao to fourth successive win The Chelsea man came off the bench to open scoring in China before Dede put the game to bed six minutes later with his first ever goal for his country Brazil racked up their fourth successive victory by beating Zambia 2-0 in a friendly fixture in Beijing on Tuesday. Luiz Felipe Scolari's men were far from their fluent best but, after a goalless first half, Chelsea midfielder Oscar came off the bench to open the scoring with a deflected effort. Shortly after, the game was put beyond all doubt when Dede notched his first international goal with a close-range header. Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva was handed his first start in nearly two years, while Alexandre Pato and Lucas Moura were also given opportunities. Patrice Beaumelle was in the dugout for Zambia, after taking control on an interim basis following the departure of Herve Renard to Sochaux. Brazil almost made an electric start in the third minute when Neymar's sublime free kick rebounded off the crossbar. Shortly after, his Barcelona team-mate Daniel Alves hit a half-volley that narrowly drifted over the bar. On the 15-minute mark a clever one-two between Ramires and Neymar led to the Chelsea midfielder going one-on-one with Kennedy Mweene only to ultimately put his effort just wide of the post. Emmanuel Mayuka was lively up front for Zambia without causing any real issues for the Brazilian defence and only had a tame effort which was held by Diego Cavalieri. Neymar should have put Brazil ahead in the 37th minute when he looped a header wide from Maxwell's delivery when unmarked in the box. And he was again thwarted on the stroke of half-time with Mweene parrying his left-footed effort for a corner as the sides went in level at the break. Brazil started the second half in lacklustre fashion with Scolari visibly frustrated on the sidelines. David Luiz did go close with a 25-yard free kick but his effort was smartly parried away by Mweene. However, the deadlock was finally broken in the 59th minute, courtesy of substitute Oscar. The Chelsea midfielder cut inside Mayuka on the left before hitting a 20-yard effort that took a huge deflection off Chisambu Lungu and looped over Mweene into the far corner. As Zambia tired, the game was put beyond doubt in the 66th minute when Dede pulled away from his marker to head home Neymar's free kick from six yards. Buoyed by their quick-fire double, Brazil continued to push for a third and Oscar should have done so in the dying stages when after a flowing move he curled an effort straight at Mweene. But the miss made no difference to the final outcome as Brazil extended their winning run to four matches. Scolari will now look ahead to Brazil's friendly clash with Honduras in Miami in November.
Goal takes a look at the sides that can seal their places at international football's greatest show in the coming days With the qualification campaign for the 2014 World Cup approaching its decisive stages, a number of teams will this week be looking to book their tickets for next year's tournament. Hosts Brazil have already been joined by Asian representatives Japan, Australia, Iran and South Korea, European teams Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Belgium and Switzerland, as well as Concacaf outfits USA, Costa Rica and fellow South American sides Argentina and Colombia. Additionally, a number of nations from Africa, Europe, North America and South America can also seal qualification in the coming days. In Europe, Russia will be confident of reaching next year's tournament with just one more game to go in Group F. A draw against Azerbaijan will be enough for Fabio Capello's men to secure top spot ahead of Portugal, while even a defeat could still see them through, with the Seleccao seven goals worse off ahead of Tuesday's encounter versus Luxembourg. Group G is a straight battle between Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece, with the former likely to top the group if they win against Lithuania due to the huge goal difference between the two sides. Greece will only book their ticket for Brazil if they do better than Bosnia or beat Liechtenstein by 18 goals more than the current leaders defeat Lithuania. Elsewhere, England will qualify if they beat Poland, while a draw or loss will only be enough if second-placed Ukraine fail to beat Group H minnows San Marino. Finally in Europe, reigning world champions Spain need one more point to guarantee their ticket to Brazil. If they lose against Georgia, France can only overtake them if they beat Finland by a sufficient margin to better Spain's goal difference. In the Concacaf zone, Honduras are sitting in pole position to secure qualification as a draw versus bottom-side Jamaica will suffice. However, Mexico can overtake them if they lose and the Mexicans bag the full three points versus Costa Rica. In South America, meanwhile, Ecuador meet Chile, with both teams guaranteed to qualify automatically with a draw. Fifth-placed Uruguay can only book their ticket for the World Cup if they beat Argentina and one of Ecuador or Chile win, while they will also have to significantly improve their goal difference (they are four goals behind Chile and six behind Ecuador at present). The African play-offs continue on Wednesday, with Cote d'Ivoire and Nigeria defending a first-leg lead, while Tunisia travel to Cameroon on Thursday after a scoreless draw at the weekend. Oceania representative New Zealand and Asian side Jordan will be closely monitoring the action in North and South America respectively, with the intercontinental play-offs taking place in November.
The former Serie A star is not impressed with the level of modern football and has rallied against the high wages paid to players these days Faustino Asprilla believes referees give Barcelona forward Lionel Messi too much protection on the pitch. The former Colombia international is of the opinion that life was much harder for attackers during his playing days due to the quality of defenders, as well as match officials' tendency to let play continue wherever possible. "When I still played, forwards did not get as much protection from referees. If someone fouls Messi now, people all over the world start crying and complaining," Asprilla told La Gazzetta dello Sport. "I don't remember anyone complaining when defenders had a go at me, Gabriel Batistuta or Marco van Basten. "Life's much easier for attackers these days. There are no defenders like Franco Baresi and Pietro Vierchowod around. I still have nightmares about them." Asprilla then went on to voice his opinion that wages are too high in modern football as he feels only a few players really merit excessive salaries. "Of course, I earned good money, but nowhere near as much as players get now," the 43-year-old explained. "Nowadays even a flop earns per month what someone like Van Basten got in a year. "And I don't exactly see many players of Van Basten's level around ..." Asprilla wore the jerseys of clubs such as Parma, Newcastle United, Palmeiras and Fluminense during his active career.
Retro Liga is a sports brand which has several stores across Brazil and is a big hit with football fans. In the store you will find everything you can imagine, from replica uniforms to key chains, caps, books, and other souvenirs. The historical shirts are exclusive models, accompanied by a card that describes the relevant year of football in vivid detail. Seeking to meet all needs, Liga Retro has women's t-shirts, men's, children's and baby models. The whole family can shop for their team shirts together before going to the stadium. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Roja boss wants his side to finish first in their World Cup qualification group by claiming a point from their clash with Georgia on Saturday Vicente del Bosque has urged his Spain troops to seal top spot in Group I of World Cup qualification for Europe on Tuesday. The world and European champions face Georgia in Albacete in their final clash of the campaign, needing just one point to confirm their automatic place in next summer's tournament. And Del Bosque has ackowledged that his side's campaign has been tough, singling out their home ties with France and Finland, in which they only managed draws. "We are hoping to finish first and we have it in our hands," he told reporters. "We've been through two really bad moments, the game against France at the Vicente Calderon and the one against Finland in Gijon. "We've had moments of great difficulty for those two results. And yet, people are talking about the World Cup as something we've achieved when we're in a moment of trouble. "Georgia are not England or Italy, but we have to finish the job. I'm not calm, even though it's true we only have one step left." Spain's forwards have come under scrutiny over the course of the last year, with la Roja having found the net just 12 times in their seven games, but Del Bosque is convinced of the quality at his disposal. "It's not right to blame the forwards. [Roberto] Soldado is at Tottenham, Alvaro Negredo is at City, who paid a lot of money for him, [Fernando] Torres has had a great career." Spain and Georgia kick off at 21:00CET on Tuesday. Second-placed France, who sit three points behind la Roja, host Finland.
The festival of dreams that is the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ will enchant the world. At PAINT STADIUM, we're holding another competition to get the world excited: the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST. If your dream is to score with a bicycle kick, draw it and submit it to PAINT STADIUM. Your illustrations will help to make the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ even more exciting! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
Gareth Bale's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has launched an attack on Spanish publication Marca, rubbishing reports the sports daily published regarding his client suffering from a slipped disc. The Real Madrid man has yet to feature for a full 90 minutes since becoming the most expensive footballer in history, only turning out in three appearances for Carlo Ancelotti's men. But Barnett has refuted allegations that Bale, who has been out for almost two weeks with a thigh issue, failed his medical before his €100 million transfer in September owing to a slipped disc problem. "I spoke to a reporter from Marca, I told him: ‘It’s complete rubbish,' and yet they still print it," the agent told La Sexta. "Whatever they say is a lie. "He passed the medical, he’s 100 per cent fit, there’s no problem. He’s the most expensive transfer in history; if there was a problem, they [Madrid] would have stopped the transfer. "How stupid and irresponsible of Marca to have run such a stupid story. There is no problem. He has a slight tear in his thigh, he’ll be fit to play hopefully after the internationals. "He [Bale] is angry, not sad. He’s angry that a newspaper can write such rubbish. We won’t be speaking to anybody else about this one story and we will never speak about it ever again, it’s complete rubbish." The 24-year-old has not produced the desired impact in his stint at the Santiago Bernabeu yet, with Ancelotti recently claiming his star's adaptation was being hampered by injury. Following los Blancos' revelation that Bale suffers from a disc bulge, the head of the capital outfit's medical services has insisted that Madrid have nothing to worry about. "You have to put chronic disk protrusions in context of the sporting world," Carlos Diez explained to Cadena SER. "The majority of players suffer from them and it makes sense, because we are talking about players competing at the highest level, who suffer more wear and tear than a normal person. "When Bale had his medical no clinical condition was discovered, just a radiological finding. There’s no threat that he will need surgery. "Bale played last season in the Premier League without any problems, he’s trained very well with us and we don’t need to give these findings any more importance. "Our view was that the player was ready and therefore there was nothing to report to the president [Florentino Perez]."
South Korea 0-2 Brazil: Neymar and Oscar seal win The Selecao continued their preparations for World Cup 2014 with a routine victory over their Asian hosts on Saturday Goals from Neymar and Oscar saw Brazil chalk up their third straight victory as they saw off South Korea 2-0 at the Seoul World Cup stadium. Luiz Felipe Scolari's side were far from their fluent best on Saturday but still managed to overcome a stubborn challenge from the home side. After a first period devoid of clear-cut chances, Neymar lit up the game with a sublime free-kick on the stroke of half-time. And the encounter was put beyond doubt shortly after the break as Oscar rounded goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong and fired into the open net. Scolari named an attacking starting XI with Neymar and Hulk partnering Jo in a front three. South Korea boss Hong Myung-Bo left Bayer Leverkusen forward Son Heung-Min on the bench, although Sunderland midfielder Ki Sung-Yeung started. Brazil made a lacklustre start to the game and could have gone behind in the third minute when Koo Ja-Cheol fired wide from the left of the box after Ki's neat through ball. The visitors' first glimpse of the Korean goal came when Hulk played a one-two with Jo before shooting, but his strike was smothered by Jung. Chelsea midfielder Oscar then hit a snap shot on the turn from 25-yards that cleared the crossbar. Brazil's failure to create clear-cut chances led to a spell of increased pressure from South Korea. David Luiz crucially headed an exquisite Lee Chung-Yong cross away from Koo, before a surging run from Kim Bo-Kyung resulted in the midfielder firing straight at Jefferson. But the hosts failed to make this period count and Brazil went ahead in the 44th minute. Neymar was felled by Lee Yong on the right and the Barcelona star picked himself up to curl a superb 25-yard free-kick into the corner on the stroke of half-time. And Scolari’s men doubled their lead four minutes after the interval. Oscar collected a defence-splitting pass from Paulinho and deftly beat the goalkeeper before shooting into the empty goal. Brazil then went close to extending their lead on the hour mark. Neymar's cross caused panic in the South Korea box and Luiz Gustavo made a late run to power a header goalwards with Lee Yong making a crucial deflection. South Korea nearly reduced the arrears from a corner with 20 minutes remaining, but Lee Chung-Yong put his near-post header wide. Hernanes could have added a third in the dying stages, but the Lazio midfielder hit a tame effort straight at Jung from the edge of the box. This made no difference to the result though, as Brazil built on victories over Australia and Portugal in their last two fixtures. Scolari's men will now switch their focus to Tuesday's friendly with Zambia in Beijing.
The PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST has kicked off at PAINT STADIUM, and we're waiting for you to submit your great illustrations. Whether your dream is to be the captain of your country's national team or something even greater, draw it in an illustration and send it to the world. It doesn't matter how skilled an artist you are. We're waiting for your art! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
England 4-1 Montenegro: Townsend caps perfect night for Hodgson The Tottenham forward starred for the Three Lions, with Wayne Rooney opening the scoring and Daniel Sturridge adding late on, while Dejan Damjanovic netted for the visitors Andros Townsend scored on his debut as England beat Montenegro 4-1 at Wembley to take a big step towards qualification for the 2014 World Cup. Wayne Rooney opened the scoring with his sixth goal in Group H on his return to the side and an own goal from Branko Boskovic doubled England's lead. But it was Townsend who stole the show as the Tottenham winger added a third after Dejan Damjanovic had pulled a goal back in the second half. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge scored a late penalty to leave England needing one more win against Poland on Tuesday to secure their place at the showpiece in Brazil next year. Defeat for Montenegro looks certain to have cost them a place at the World Cup, as second-placed Ukraine are three points better off than them with a far superior goal difference. As well as handing a debut to Townsend, England boss Roy Hodgson opted to pair Premier League top scorer Sturridge with Rooney in attack. Montenegro were without captain Mirko Vucinic, defenders Miodrag Dzudovic and Marko Basa as well as midfielder Milorad Pekovic - but Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic started, while also being handed the captain's armband. With the backing of a vociferous home crowd at Wembley, England started brightly and created several half-chances before Leighton Baines did well to win the ball back and pick out Welbeck from the byline. The forward fired straight at goalkeeper Vukasin Poleksic at the near post, however. Meanwhile, Townsend was causing all sorts of problems and he raced away down the right, before cutting in to shoot straight at Poleksic, who palmed the ball invitingly into Rooney’s path. Again, though, the striker could only fire into the side-netting from a tight angle. But Rooney made amends for that miss just two minutes into the second half when he put England in front. Unsurprisingly, Townsend was the architect, driving down the right before providing a cross that was headed into Welbeck’s path and, although the onrushing forward’s shot was saved by Poleksic, Rooney was on hand to tuck the ball home from six yards. England then doubled their lead in bizarre fashion after 61 minutes, when Welbeck raced into the box and fired the ball across the box before Boskovic toed the ball into the far corner of his own net. It was an uncompromising finish. Jovetic was unfortunate not to pull a goal back almost immediately, though, when his vicious right-foot drive from 25 yards out rattled the crossbar. But the visitors did make a game of it with 18 minutes remaining when Damjanovic diverted Fatos Beciraj’s shot into the far corner. England were not to be denied, however, and Townsend added a third with a fine right-foot drive from 20 yards with 12 minutes remaining, before Sturridge put the icing on the cake with a penalty in stoppage time. He was upended close to the byline by Ivan Kecojevic - but there was no stopping his composed spot-kick.
A typical snack of São Paulo, 'Pastel da Maria' was elected several times as the best in town. With superb quality and freshly baked products always available, it is very difficult to eat just one. Customers will find everything in the extensive menu: savory pasteis, special pasteis (with exclusive recipes) and sweets. All customers, young and old, leave satisfied. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The striker wanted to leave Manchester United this summer and, although he claims he is now "settled", he once again dodged contract questions Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney has revealed his frustration at being asked to play out of position by Sir Alex Ferguson last season, and once again refused to commit his future to the club. Rooney was desperate to leave Old Trafford this summer only to be thwarted by the club's refusal to sell him to a Premier League rival, with Arsenal and Chelsea the two clubs to show firm interest. The England striker has started the season in fine form, scoring five goals in eight games, but although he says he has felt "happy" and "settled" for months he also told of his irritation at not being played up front alongside Robin van Persie. "Everyone at the club knew where I wanted to play and I think that's why I was disappointed," he told reporters. "I got told to play in midfield and I didn't want to. I just think there had to come a point when, for my own career, I had to be a bit selfish really. "I actually felt when I played in midfield I did okay, but I didn't want to play there. I've had no problem in the past playing out of position, but I felt I deserved the right to play in my position and that wasn't happening. "I think, naturally, I was a bit disappointed and maybe that affected some of the games I played. I know myself that last year wasn't my best season but there were times when I was playing in different positions. "I didn't feel I got a consistent run of games up front. Sometimes when you're not playing in one position all the time it's difficult to adapt." Yet despite talking publicly about some of the reasons for his unhappiness at United over the last few months, the 27-year-old also claimed that he never, in fact, had any problems during the transfer window. "To be honest, I've been settled all summer," he added. "I really have been happy all summer. From the outside looking in, it might not have seemed like it, but I have been settled. "My wife had a new child and I'm just delighted to be back playing and injury-free. I've got my head down and worked hard. I've been focused and I've been wanting to prove to people that I am a top player. That's what I've really tried to do." Manchester United rejected two bids for Rooney from Chelsea during pre-season, before Jose Mourinho urged the striker to make his intentions known during the final week of the transfer window. Rooney decided to remain silent, publicly at least, as he quickly realised that the Red Devils were not interested in a sale: "I'm sure the club made that clear," he said. "Obviously there's been a lot of stuff happening and everyone has been waiting for me to say something, but I've spoken to the people who matter at the club and we've known ourselves what was going on. "I didn't want to come out saying anything. I just wanted to concentrate on my football. That's what I've done and that's what I'll continue to do. I'm not going to go around saying: 'I wanted to stay' or 'I wanted to leave'. I'll concentrate on my football and see what happens after that." It is not the first time Rooney, whose contract expires at the end of next season, has used that line to divert awkward questions about his current situation. When asked by ITV if he would be signing a new contract at Old Trafford following a Champions League match in September, the striker flatly stated that he is concentrating on his football. He employed a similar tactic again in Wednesday's press conference. "You can see I'm playing and I'm happy in my football. I'll have more discussions with the club and we'll see what happens from there." Reports at the beginning of the season suggested that Van Persie was unhappy with the playing tactics and high-intensity training implemened by Ferguson's replacement, David Moyes, but Rooney, for one, says he is enjoying life under his former Everton mentor, including the extra workload. "It's a bit different in terms of David Moyes and his staff coming in," he continued. "The training is different, there's a different style, a different way of thinking about how he wants us to play. "Honestly, the training has been so hard. We've done a lot more running. Long running, quicker running, sharper running. "I feel that's really benefited me. I feel as fit as I ever have done. I had a couple of injuries pre-season but I feel great and in good shape. It's a mixture of things, but I am happy and I am enjoying my football."
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema says he is not overly concerned about his current goal drought for France, claiming "it will not last 10 years". The 25-year-old hasn't found the back of the net for les Bleus for 1,217 minutes, but insists he knows that run will end sooner rather than later. "It is true that it's the longest period of my career without scoring, but it will not last 10 years," Benzema told Sport. "I have to keep working hard on my game and not give up, and I know I will reap the rewards. There are various types of number 9. There are those that don't score so much, but that offer other things. I'm in that group. "I don't have it in my head to score, I have it in my head that my team must win. If I score, all the better. Although of course, it is better if I do score." The Real Madrid star also played down claims that he has a poor attitude, insisting he has an unrelenting appetite to play football. "For me, an attitude problem is not wanting to enter the field of play," he continued. "Trust me, I want to play all time so I do not have a bad attitude. "I have to start to work defensively, but I know that above all my main job is to score goals. It's not my job to run all the way to Lloris' area. "However, I run 10 kilometres a game, and so feel that this criticism is undeserved. I run a lot."
PAINT STADIUM, which is bringing even more color to the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, is looking for your entries to the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST with the theme “YOUR FOOTBALL DREAM.” Do you dream of winning the World Cup, or do you have something else in mind? Turn your innermost hope into an illustration. We're waiting for the art that will propel your dream into coming true! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
The superstar forward injured his hamstring during Barcelona's Liga meeting with Almeria at the end of last month and is facing at least another fortnight on the sidelines Lionel Messi will sit out Argentina's World Cup qualifiers against Peru and Uruguay as he is still recovering from a thigh problem. The Barcelona superstar was initially named in coach Alejandro Sabella's preliminary squad for the final two games of qualification. However, with their progression already confirmed, the 26-year-old attacker has been released from the squad to recover from his thigh injury. The Argentine Football Association (AFA) confirmed on their website that Messi, along with Javier Mascherano and Gonzalo Higuain, will not have to meet up with the national team. Mascherano suffered a hamstring injury at the end of September and has missed Barcelona's last three matches. Meanwhile, Higuain was not involved in Napoli's Champions League clash with Arsenal due to a calf injury and he also missed their Serie A victory over Livorno on Sunday. Argentina face Peru on October 11 before travelling to Montevideo four days later to take on Uruguay.
The former Everton manager has had a rocky start to his tenure and "is under a bit of pressure" but the England forward feels that it is the squad who have been underperforming Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney admits that manager David Moyes is "under a bit of pressure" but feels that he and his fellow players are to blame. Despite coming from behind to beat Sunderland on Saturday, the Red Devils are only ninth in the Premier League table after seven games. But Rooney has urged his team-mates to use the comeback against the Black Cats as motivation in the future, and says the squad are still adapting to Moyes' style. "Obviously the manager is under a bit of pressure," Rooney told reporters. "We know as a team it's us who have let him down. We have to pull together for the manager and show the sort of fight we have done here and we'll be fine. "It will be because it's a new manager with different styles and we have to adapt to them," he argued of the drop in results. "We need to do better for him than we have been." Adnan Januzaj was the hero for United at the Stadium of Light. On his first start, the 18-year-old scored twice to turn the game around and the England international was thrilled to see the youngster excel. "He's a great prospect," Rooney enthused. "He takes the ball, he runs at players and he's got great ability. It's great the manager has thrown him into the side, especially with what has happened in the last few games. "There was big pressure on us but the manager has trusted him and he has repaid that. He's very confident - that's great to see. "A lot of the young players who come through are a little bit timid and shy but he looks comfortable and he's confident in his own ability, which you need to be. It was a brave move to play him in the circumstances and we’re delighted it's paid off. "There is a lot of pressure but he seems to thrive on it. We know the ability he has got but you never know how they are going to react when they are thrown into games. "We need to help the younger players and, if we do that, they'll be moments where they come in and win us the game, as has happened here. The experienced lads need to help them emerge into a team."
The opening stadium of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ is under construction, and expected to be more modern, luxurious and affordable than the Maracanã. The Itaquerão is located in the East Zone of São Paulo and will include shops, restaurants, and four thousand parking spaces, all on a plot of just 200,000 m². With enough capacity for 68,000 spectators (including 20,000 removable seats), the Brazilian National Team will open the World Cup here on June 12. They'll play on a natural grass pitch with a special American-made irrigation system, in a stadium with the technological capabilities to promote the world's greatest show to millions of fans. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Portuguese struck a 94th-minute winner to claim all three points for Real after they had looked like losing at Levante, but it was yet another poor performance away from home There was no refereeing controversy this time. Real Madrid's last-gasp win at Elche recently had come about thanks largely to the helping hand of match official Cesar Muniz Fernandez, who awarded a highly-contentious penalty deep into added time. On this occasion, however, it was more Madrid's fight and unwillingness to lie down that brought the reward of a late leveller and, subsequently, a 94th-minute winner. Carlo Ancelotti's side had looked second best for most of the night, twice going behind to a spirited and hard-working Levante side. But like last season, Alvaro Morata popped up with a last-minute effort - this time to level the scores - and Cristiano Ronaldo then hit home via a deflection to seal a sensational 3-2 win. Ronaldo rescued Real's fast-faltering hopes of winning La Liga and the strike spared Ancelotti's blushes, yet it could not hide a multitude of sins on another depressing night's football for the capital club. Marca described Madrid's performance as "dreadful", noting that the team had played with the "spirit" they have always shown - if "little else". "Ronaldo and Morata get Madrid out of intensive care," the paper added. The goal meant much to Madrid's players. Ronaldo removed his shirt to earn a booking he hardly seemed to care about, while goalkeeper Diego Lopez raced off his line and ran down the pitch to join in the wild celebrations. And on the bench, Ancelotti cut a relieved figure. "The victory was very important because it was a very difficult match," the Italian explained. "We never gave in, but we gave two goals away and we need to concentrate better because that made things complicated. But, when our team plays, we can win a game in five minutes..." On the road, however, Madrid have struggled in La Liga all season. An unconvincing 1-0 win at Granada in Real's first away game this term was followed by a 2-2 draw at Villarreal which, on a different night, could eaily have been a defeat. Then came the highly-controversial 2-1 victory at Elche, and now another success achieved in extremis on Saturday. But more worrying than the results, which have been generally good, will be the nature of the performances in those matches. On Saturday, Madrid began poorly and even though they were the better team by the interval, Levante came out stronger again and took the initiative with the first goal and also the third after Sergio Ramos had cancelled out Baba's opener. In the first half, it had looked like Madrid's more technical players held the key to breaking the Levante resolve, yet Ancelotti once again chose to take off the influential Isco and leave on the ineffectual Karim Benzema. To the Italian's credit, however, all three of his substitutions worked out as Morata netted the equaliser, fellow youngster Jese (who did replace the French forward late on) helped set up that goal and Marcelo changed the flow of the match with his penetrating attacks down the left flank. Still, there appeared to be no definite pattern to their game. Madrid, playing against a back line defending deep, needed to generate the play - and they are still struggling to do so. The sheer intensity of the home side caught the visitors off guard, too, and on this evidence, Xabi Alonso cannot return fast enough to add both solidity and creativity to a Madrid midfield which is currently lacking in both departments. And as so often before, Ronaldo was the hero. The Portuguese now has 12 goals from Madrid's opening 10 games in all competitions (matching his best season start, last term, although that included four penalties instead of two) and 50 strikes for club and country in 2013. But it was the result that mattered most for his side as it kept Madrid within five points of Barca (still with a perfect record in the Primera Division) with eight rounds of La Liga completed and ahead of the Clasico clash at Camp Nou later in October. That trip to the Catalan capital will be the greatest test of Madrid's title credentials but, given their continued struggles away from home, Ancelotti's side currently look nowhere near ready to face it.
It was as you were in matchday two of this competition, with Atletico Madrid impressing again, while Greenpeace protestors left Uefa with an awkward moment Juventus' ineptitude strikes again, another Real Madrid forward fires a shot across the bows of Gareth Bale and Atletico Madrid rumble on. Some things haven't changed from matchday one in the Champions League. Galatasaray ensure that the Italian champions must now take at least four points from a relentless Real Madrid, who could count on Angel Di Maria to deliver a match-winning performance against Copenhagen. Meanwhile, slick neighbours Atletico remain perfect in their group following a well-planned 2-1 win over Porto. Arsenal lead the English charge after their hugely impressive win, courtesy of the brilliant Mesut Ozil, against Napoli guaranteed six points from six. Chelsea are back on track after winning at a Steaua Bucharest side sorely lacking Vlad Chiriches. Manchester City's humbling at the hands of Bayern was one for the ages while United did well to hold Shakhtar, ultimately, to a draw. There was no shortage of controversy either. Mario Balotelli's rescue act for AC Milan was prompted by the dubious award of a last-minute penalty against Ajax and Zenit were furious to see Axel Witsel sent off for a seemingly legitimate challenge in the damaging 0-0 draw with Austria Vienna. Here are this week's talking points: Brown in the wrong, again, not Neymar Why should Neymar have to put up with criticism from the Celtic manager, Neil Lennon, and his Scotland counterpart Gordon Strachan after being attacked by Scott Brown on Tuesday night? Lennon told the press in the wake of Barcelona's 1-0 win at Parkhead that the game turned on Brown's red card and referred to Neymar's reputation as a diver as the main reason behind it. Well, there is one simple way to put a stop to all such conjecture: don't kick Neymar in the back. Scott Brown stupidly abdicated his captain's duties, nudging the Brazilian with his foot like a brat, leaving his side to play for half an hour against one of the best teams in the world. What ensued, inevitably, was a Barcelona victory. This season in the Champions League Brown had already stamped on a Shakhter Karagandy player and elbowed Mario Balotelli off the ball in the defeat to Milan, instigating a goal. Why is Celtic's captain behaving so thuggishly, seemingly intent on inflicting damage to his own team? And why is his manager excusing his behaviour, passing the blame to the victim? Even Brown's apology for the Barcelona dismissal was couched in the language of a man failing to grasp the consequence of his actions. In between "I made a mistake" and "I put my team-mates in a difficult position" were phrases like "in the heat of the moment", "I think it was a harsh decision" and "there wasn't a huge amount of contact." Things are hard enough for Celtic in a group containing Barcelona, Milan and Ajax. They do not need the indiscipline of Brown compromising their chances any further. His suspension should be welcomed by the players he can no longer endanger, on both sides. Uefa's relationship with Gazprom put under scrutiny On September 18, Greenpeace activists scaled Gazprom's Prirazlomnaya platform in protest against oil drilling in the Arctic. An AP investigation concluded that at least 5 million tonnes of Russian oil is lost to spillage every year. Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund published a report last month which warned of potential environmental catastrophe in the region in the event of a spill. In response to the scaling of the platform the Russian coastguard seized the Arctic Sunrise ship and towed it to the Murmansk, around 1000 kilometres away, and placed 30 protesters on board under arrest. Russian authorities plan to charge the Greenpeace activists with piracy which carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. There has been worldwide outrage over the detentions and the issue reached the world of football in dramatic circumstances on Tuesday. During the Basel - Schalke match at St Jakob Park, abseilers unveiled a banner carrying the slogan DON'T FOUL THE ARCTIC and calling for the immediate release of the 30 activists. It also, crucially, mentioned by name Gazprom, which is an official Champions League sponsor having signed a deal with Uefa in 2012 for a duration of three seasons. The sums involved were not disclosed but, given the company's 2012 revenue was $152 billion, it was not insignificant. Gazprom, while owning Zenit St Petersburg, also sponsors Schalke as well as Red Star Belgrade and Chelsea. It has become a major player in European football. With Fifa's relationship with the state of Qatar currently under the spotlight and drawing heavy criticism the focus now comes onto Michel Platini's organisation. Not that you would know it. This week no official Uefa highlights package or match report carried news of the protest in Switzerland. Blackout. But those inside the stadium and watching on television know what they saw. It was a moment of acute embarrassment for Uefa and Gazprom and placed under scrutiny the organisation's relationship with an entity seen as unethical and dangerous. Bundesliga clubs can enjoy German Unity Day Representative teams from the Bundesliga can kick back, relax and enjoy a well-deserved day off on German Unity Day today. For the first time in history four competing clubs from Germany won on the same matchday in the Champions League. Borussia Dortmund were back in the groove on Tuesday night with Marco Reus and Robert Lewandowski looking sharp. Schalke, again thanks to their precocious and brilliant playmaker Julian Draxler, achieved victory over a hard-working Basel while on Wednesday Jens Hegeler's stupendous last-minute free-kick earned Bayer Leverkusen the three points at the expense of Real Sociedad. At the vanguard, as usual, were Bayern Munich. If you caught minutes 80-90 without looking at the scoreboard you might have thought City were in with a chance. Bayern, down to 10 men with young substitutes on, tired as their relentless 80-minute press took its toll. What preceded that was the finest spell of football played in Europe this season. It was close to perfection. Happily for the competitiveness of the Bundesliga, Bayern are not, yet, top of the league. That honour goes to Dortmund while Leverkusen are not far behind. With Milan and Juventus drawing and Napoli losing there is only one direction this co-efficient battle is going. German football is in rude health. Cherish record-breaker Giggs while he's still playing "A great source of pride," is how Ryan Giggs described becoming the player with the most appearances in the Champions League. He took his total to 145 in Manchester United's 1-1 draw away at Shakhtar Donetsk. In the match against the Ukrainians he edged past Raul in the all-time ranking. Well, Giggsy, it has been a great source of happiness watching you play football for the past 23 years. Robson, Cantona, Keane, Beckham, Scholes and Sir Alex Ferguson himself have been and gone since Giggs made his debut and now alone he stands as a last link to United's glorious heritage. Here is a player who remains in prime physical condition a month short of his 40th birthday and who has been a model of consistency and professionalism throughout his distinguished career. Despite stacking up the honours year after year his appetite remains undiminished and his willingness to teach younger players shines brightly. The Welshman is living football history and his presence should be cherished where ever he plays between now and his retirement. He's played close to 950 club matches in United's colours. Here's to 1,000. Hot-shot Mitroglou gives Olympiacos hope PSG's destruction of Benfica, inspired by the brilliant Zlatan Ibrahimovic, moved the French champions to six points and seemingly out of sight with two games against Anderlecht to come but it will also have been hailed in Piraeus by Olympiacos. The Greek champions were comprehensively outplayed by the Parisians on matchday one but put themselves in with a fighting chance of progress with a 3-0 smash-and-grab win over the Belgians away from home. The main source of their win was Kostas Mitroglou, the Greece international forward. He scored a hat-trick on the night, the pick of which was his third goal. Late in the game, he caressed the top of the ball with the underside of his left-foot and drove expertly a shot into the top corner with his right. It was the goal of a man in form. Amazingly, it was Mitrogolou's third hat-trick of the season for Olympiacos having already rattled in two for the Super League leaders against Levadiakos and Xanthi. Deprived of the talents of Djamel Abdoun this season, Olympiacos will look to Mitroglou as well as impressive new pair Vladimir Weiss and Javier Saviola for Champions League progression. The games against Benfica are now vital.
The Football Museum is a thematic museum, located in the Stadium Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho. The museum features many interactive audiovisual resources. Pictures of great players such as Pele, Zico and Ronaldo are projected on large screens, and narrated displays introduce important stories in the history of the sport. Club histories are also represented with flags, banners, posters, and other supporter memorabilia. For young people who like technology, a “virtual field” allows visitors to kick an imaginary ball into a 3D goal. There's not enough space available to describe all of incredible content on display at the Football Museum. The best way to discover everything it has to offer is to go yourself. It's a must-see for anyone visiting Sao Paulo. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
David Moyes has again insisted that he is the right man to lead Manchester United after the club suffered their worst start to a season in 24 years. The champions have lost three of their opening six Premier League games under the Scot and currently lie 12th in the standings with a return of just seven points. But Moyes, who succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson's 26-and-a-half year reign in June, has confidence in his abilities and those of the United squad as he looks to climb at the table. "I'm sure United know they picked the right man for the job and Sir Alex was part of that process as well," he told reporters on Friday. "They're really good players. They know the standards they've set over the years - together we'll work to get it right. "It's a long season. We'll hang in there and get ourselves as close to the top as soon as we can." United's next test is the trip to the Stadum of Light to face managerless Sunderland. Kevin Ball is taking charge of the Black Cats on a temporary basis and Moyes has warned his squad not to underestimate the struggling side. "It's an important game," he noted. "We want to try and win it so we'll pick a team which we think can get a result. "Kevin is very experienced. They look like they played quite well in the last two games." Wayne Rooney is expected to be fit to face Sunderland on Saturday but Moyes admits that he is unsure of the latest on the striker's shin injury, adding: "I've not seen Wayne this morning so I couldn't give you an update yet."
The former Serie A star is not impressed with the level of modern football and has rallied against the high wages paid to players these days Faustino Asprilla believes referees give Barcelona forward Lionel Messi too much protection on the pitch. The former Colombia international is of the opinion that life was much harder for attackers during his playing days due to the quality of defenders, as well as match officials' tendency to let play continue wherever possible. "When I still played, forwards did not get as much protection from referees. If someone fouls Messi now, people all over the world start crying and complaining," Asprilla told La Gazzetta dello Sport. "I don't remember anyone complaining when defenders had a go at me, Gabriel Batistuta or Marco van Basten. "Life's much easier for attackers these days. There are no defenders like Franco Baresi and Pietro Vierchowod around. I still have nightmares about them." Asprilla then went on to voice his opinion that wages are too high in modern football as he feels only a few players really merit excessive salaries. "Of course, I earned good money, but nowhere near as much as players get now," the 43-year-old explained. "Nowadays even a flop earns per month what someone like Van Basten got in a year. "And I don't exactly see many players of Van Basten's level around ..." Asprilla wore the jerseys of clubs such as Parma, Newcastle United, Palmeiras and Fluminense during his active career.
The 52-year-old has engaged in more verbal jousting with his arch-rival by mocking the status of his Fifa award compared to his title of Player of the Century Argentina legend Diego Maradona has reignited his feud with Pele by claiming his recognition from Fifa is "not worth sh*t". Maradona trumped his Brazilian counterpart to the Player of the Century award in 2000, collecting 53 per cent of the internet-based vote, while Pele's achievements were also recognised after he topped a poll of Fifa's "Football Family" at the same ceremony. However, the 52-year-old feels that his rival's award is paled into insignificance by his own. "In 2000 I won the Player of the Century award thanks to the people. Pele was second," he told reporters. "He also came second behind [Aryton] Senna as Brazil's greatest sportsman. "The award that Fifa gave Pele isn't worth sh*t." Meanwhile, the former Argentina boss has also launched a scathing attack on Fifa's president Sepp Blatter and its senior delegates, questioning their competency level when they are "so old that they cannot even drive a car". He added: "The Fifa directors are all over 95 years old! "The people there are so old that they cannot even drive a car, so how do they lead the world of football?"
The Itaquerão Stadium is located about 23 km from the city center (i.e. - Paulista Avenue), and 29 km from the Congonhas Airport. Subway / CPTM stations named "Corinthians-Itaquera" is located next to the stadium. So, trains may be the best transportation option for the fans. Subway Direction: The Corinthians-Itaquera Station is the last stop of Line 3 (Orange Line) CPTM Direction: You can also get to the Corinthians-Itaquera Station by CPMT (Line E) Taxi: A taxi fair can be expensive. From the Congonhas Airport or City Center (i.e.- Paulista Avenue), the taxi fair can be around BRL 200 or USD 100 with the traffic. The price could drop to a half "if" there is no traffic; however, don't count on it as there is little chance that you will face no traffic in the city during the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
Valencia centre-back Adil Rami will sign for AC Milan in January on loan with an option to buy at the end of the season, the Liga club have confirmed. The France international had become out of favour at Mestalla after a public fall-out that involved him criticising coach Miroslav Djukic and he will not play again for the Spanish side this season. Los Che endured a poor start to the season - with four consecutive defeats - and Rami lashed out on Spanish radio, to which the club responded by removing him from the first team. Valencia then suspended the 27-year-old without pay for a week for his actions as the wheels kicked into motion for his departure to San Siro, and he is already training with the Rossoneri but cannot play for the first team until January. Rami joined Valencia from Lille in 2011 having spent roughly five years at the Ligue 1 club and he has 26 caps for les Bleus since his 2010 debut.
The Bavarians' Spanish coach has been pleasantly surprised by how quickly his new side have adapted to his style and insists there is more to come if his personnel heed his words Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola believes his side will continue to improve once key players recover from injury and his squad continue to accept his managerial decisions. The Bavarians have been without a number of first-team stars in recent weeks with Holger Badstuber, Javi Martinez and Thiago Alcantara all absent while Mario Gotze and Bastian Schweinsteiger have been struggling for fitness. But Guardiola has fired a warning to other Bundesliga sides, insisting that his team can only improve on their early-season showings - if they correctly carry out his instructions. "I am convinced that we will be even better when all the players are fit," he told the club's official magazine. "But we will only be in the hunt for titles at the end of the season if each player accepts my decisions in this great squad. "Otherwise, we have problems. I am a great friend of my players when they accept what I say. I support those who accept my decisions but those who do not want to understand will sit in the stands. I say again: we need all of our players." Guardiola took over from Jupp Heynckes this season and admits that when he got the call to become Bayern coach, he made an instant decision to accept the role. "From the first contact I had with Bayern, I knew within seconds: you have to do it," he said. "I did not want to pass up the opportunity to work here with this great team that the club had put together in the past few years. Had I said no, I might not have been asked again." Bayern sit top of the Bundesliga after eight games and have already demonstrated their class with fine domestic and European displays, most notably a 3-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. And the Spaniard has been pleased with what he has seen from his side so far. "It's not all that important to be top of the table in October, but it's always nice to be there," Guardiola continued. "All that matters at the moment is that we get to grips with our playing style. It's an ongoing process and the performances against Manchester City and Leverkusen show we've already reached a decent level that we want to maintain in the coming weeks. "I'm honestly really surprised how quickly the players have taken my ideas on board. We definitely need more time, but the level is already very, very high ... I'm happy how we're playing."
Brazil 2-0 Zambia: Oscar inspires Selecao to fourth successive win The Chelsea man came off the bench to open scoring in China before Dede put the game to bed six minutes later with his first ever goal for his country Brazil racked up their fourth successive victory by beating Zambia 2-0 in a friendly fixture in Beijing on Tuesday. Luiz Felipe Scolari's men were far from their fluent best but, after a goalless first half, Chelsea midfielder Oscar came off the bench to open the scoring with a deflected effort. Shortly after, the game was put beyond all doubt when Dede notched his first international goal with a close-range header. Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva was handed his first start in nearly two years, while Alexandre Pato and Lucas Moura were also given opportunities. Patrice Beaumelle was in the dugout for Zambia, after taking control on an interim basis following the departure of Herve Renard to Sochaux. Brazil almost made an electric start in the third minute when Neymar's sublime free kick rebounded off the crossbar. Shortly after, his Barcelona team-mate Daniel Alves hit a half-volley that narrowly drifted over the bar. On the 15-minute mark a clever one-two between Ramires and Neymar led to the Chelsea midfielder going one-on-one with Kennedy Mweene only to ultimately put his effort just wide of the post. Emmanuel Mayuka was lively up front for Zambia without causing any real issues for the Brazilian defence and only had a tame effort which was held by Diego Cavalieri. Neymar should have put Brazil ahead in the 37th minute when he looped a header wide from Maxwell's delivery when unmarked in the box. And he was again thwarted on the stroke of half-time with Mweene parrying his left-footed effort for a corner as the sides went in level at the break. Brazil started the second half in lacklustre fashion with Scolari visibly frustrated on the sidelines. David Luiz did go close with a 25-yard free kick but his effort was smartly parried away by Mweene. However, the deadlock was finally broken in the 59th minute, courtesy of substitute Oscar. The Chelsea midfielder cut inside Mayuka on the left before hitting a 20-yard effort that took a huge deflection off Chisambu Lungu and looped over Mweene into the far corner. As Zambia tired, the game was put beyond doubt in the 66th minute when Dede pulled away from his marker to head home Neymar's free kick from six yards. Buoyed by their quick-fire double, Brazil continued to push for a third and Oscar should have done so in the dying stages when after a flowing move he curled an effort straight at Mweene. But the miss made no difference to the final outcome as Brazil extended their winning run to four matches. Scolari will now look ahead to Brazil's friendly clash with Honduras in Miami in November.
Goal takes a look at the sides that can seal their places at international football's greatest show in the coming days With the qualification campaign for the 2014 World Cup approaching its decisive stages, a number of teams will this week be looking to book their tickets for next year's tournament. Hosts Brazil have already been joined by Asian representatives Japan, Australia, Iran and South Korea, European teams Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Belgium and Switzerland, as well as Concacaf outfits USA, Costa Rica and fellow South American sides Argentina and Colombia. Additionally, a number of nations from Africa, Europe, North America and South America can also seal qualification in the coming days. In Europe, Russia will be confident of reaching next year's tournament with just one more game to go in Group F. A draw against Azerbaijan will be enough for Fabio Capello's men to secure top spot ahead of Portugal, while even a defeat could still see them through, with the Seleccao seven goals worse off ahead of Tuesday's encounter versus Luxembourg. Group G is a straight battle between Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece, with the former likely to top the group if they win against Lithuania due to the huge goal difference between the two sides. Greece will only book their ticket for Brazil if they do better than Bosnia or beat Liechtenstein by 18 goals more than the current leaders defeat Lithuania. Elsewhere, England will qualify if they beat Poland, while a draw or loss will only be enough if second-placed Ukraine fail to beat Group H minnows San Marino. Finally in Europe, reigning world champions Spain need one more point to guarantee their ticket to Brazil. If they lose against Georgia, France can only overtake them if they beat Finland by a sufficient margin to better Spain's goal difference. In the Concacaf zone, Honduras are sitting in pole position to secure qualification as a draw versus bottom-side Jamaica will suffice. However, Mexico can overtake them if they lose and the Mexicans bag the full three points versus Costa Rica. In South America, meanwhile, Ecuador meet Chile, with both teams guaranteed to qualify automatically with a draw. Fifth-placed Uruguay can only book their ticket for the World Cup if they beat Argentina and one of Ecuador or Chile win, while they will also have to significantly improve their goal difference (they are four goals behind Chile and six behind Ecuador at present). The African play-offs continue on Wednesday, with Cote d'Ivoire and Nigeria defending a first-leg lead, while Tunisia travel to Cameroon on Thursday after a scoreless draw at the weekend. Oceania representative New Zealand and Asian side Jordan will be closely monitoring the action in North and South America respectively, with the intercontinental play-offs taking place in November.
The former Serie A star is not impressed with the level of modern football and has rallied against the high wages paid to players these days Faustino Asprilla believes referees give Barcelona forward Lionel Messi too much protection on the pitch. The former Colombia international is of the opinion that life was much harder for attackers during his playing days due to the quality of defenders, as well as match officials' tendency to let play continue wherever possible. "When I still played, forwards did not get as much protection from referees. If someone fouls Messi now, people all over the world start crying and complaining," Asprilla told La Gazzetta dello Sport. "I don't remember anyone complaining when defenders had a go at me, Gabriel Batistuta or Marco van Basten. "Life's much easier for attackers these days. There are no defenders like Franco Baresi and Pietro Vierchowod around. I still have nightmares about them." Asprilla then went on to voice his opinion that wages are too high in modern football as he feels only a few players really merit excessive salaries. "Of course, I earned good money, but nowhere near as much as players get now," the 43-year-old explained. "Nowadays even a flop earns per month what someone like Van Basten got in a year. "And I don't exactly see many players of Van Basten's level around ..." Asprilla wore the jerseys of clubs such as Parma, Newcastle United, Palmeiras and Fluminense during his active career.
Retro Liga is a sports brand which has several stores across Brazil and is a big hit with football fans. In the store you will find everything you can imagine, from replica uniforms to key chains, caps, books, and other souvenirs. The historical shirts are exclusive models, accompanied by a card that describes the relevant year of football in vivid detail. Seeking to meet all needs, Liga Retro has women's t-shirts, men's, children's and baby models. The whole family can shop for their team shirts together before going to the stadium. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Roja boss wants his side to finish first in their World Cup qualification group by claiming a point from their clash with Georgia on Saturday Vicente del Bosque has urged his Spain troops to seal top spot in Group I of World Cup qualification for Europe on Tuesday. The world and European champions face Georgia in Albacete in their final clash of the campaign, needing just one point to confirm their automatic place in next summer's tournament. And Del Bosque has ackowledged that his side's campaign has been tough, singling out their home ties with France and Finland, in which they only managed draws. "We are hoping to finish first and we have it in our hands," he told reporters. "We've been through two really bad moments, the game against France at the Vicente Calderon and the one against Finland in Gijon. "We've had moments of great difficulty for those two results. And yet, people are talking about the World Cup as something we've achieved when we're in a moment of trouble. "Georgia are not England or Italy, but we have to finish the job. I'm not calm, even though it's true we only have one step left." Spain's forwards have come under scrutiny over the course of the last year, with la Roja having found the net just 12 times in their seven games, but Del Bosque is convinced of the quality at his disposal. "It's not right to blame the forwards. [Roberto] Soldado is at Tottenham, Alvaro Negredo is at City, who paid a lot of money for him, [Fernando] Torres has had a great career." Spain and Georgia kick off at 21:00CET on Tuesday. Second-placed France, who sit three points behind la Roja, host Finland.
The festival of dreams that is the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ will enchant the world. At PAINT STADIUM, we're holding another competition to get the world excited: the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST. If your dream is to score with a bicycle kick, draw it and submit it to PAINT STADIUM. Your illustrations will help to make the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ even more exciting! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
Gareth Bale's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has launched an attack on Spanish publication Marca, rubbishing reports the sports daily published regarding his client suffering from a slipped disc. The Real Madrid man has yet to feature for a full 90 minutes since becoming the most expensive footballer in history, only turning out in three appearances for Carlo Ancelotti's men. But Barnett has refuted allegations that Bale, who has been out for almost two weeks with a thigh issue, failed his medical before his €100 million transfer in September owing to a slipped disc problem. "I spoke to a reporter from Marca, I told him: ‘It’s complete rubbish,' and yet they still print it," the agent told La Sexta. "Whatever they say is a lie. "He passed the medical, he’s 100 per cent fit, there’s no problem. He’s the most expensive transfer in history; if there was a problem, they [Madrid] would have stopped the transfer. "How stupid and irresponsible of Marca to have run such a stupid story. There is no problem. He has a slight tear in his thigh, he’ll be fit to play hopefully after the internationals. "He [Bale] is angry, not sad. He’s angry that a newspaper can write such rubbish. We won’t be speaking to anybody else about this one story and we will never speak about it ever again, it’s complete rubbish." The 24-year-old has not produced the desired impact in his stint at the Santiago Bernabeu yet, with Ancelotti recently claiming his star's adaptation was being hampered by injury. Following los Blancos' revelation that Bale suffers from a disc bulge, the head of the capital outfit's medical services has insisted that Madrid have nothing to worry about. "You have to put chronic disk protrusions in context of the sporting world," Carlos Diez explained to Cadena SER. "The majority of players suffer from them and it makes sense, because we are talking about players competing at the highest level, who suffer more wear and tear than a normal person. "When Bale had his medical no clinical condition was discovered, just a radiological finding. There’s no threat that he will need surgery. "Bale played last season in the Premier League without any problems, he’s trained very well with us and we don’t need to give these findings any more importance. "Our view was that the player was ready and therefore there was nothing to report to the president [Florentino Perez]."
South Korea 0-2 Brazil: Neymar and Oscar seal win The Selecao continued their preparations for World Cup 2014 with a routine victory over their Asian hosts on Saturday Goals from Neymar and Oscar saw Brazil chalk up their third straight victory as they saw off South Korea 2-0 at the Seoul World Cup stadium. Luiz Felipe Scolari's side were far from their fluent best on Saturday but still managed to overcome a stubborn challenge from the home side. After a first period devoid of clear-cut chances, Neymar lit up the game with a sublime free-kick on the stroke of half-time. And the encounter was put beyond doubt shortly after the break as Oscar rounded goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong and fired into the open net. Scolari named an attacking starting XI with Neymar and Hulk partnering Jo in a front three. South Korea boss Hong Myung-Bo left Bayer Leverkusen forward Son Heung-Min on the bench, although Sunderland midfielder Ki Sung-Yeung started. Brazil made a lacklustre start to the game and could have gone behind in the third minute when Koo Ja-Cheol fired wide from the left of the box after Ki's neat through ball. The visitors' first glimpse of the Korean goal came when Hulk played a one-two with Jo before shooting, but his strike was smothered by Jung. Chelsea midfielder Oscar then hit a snap shot on the turn from 25-yards that cleared the crossbar. Brazil's failure to create clear-cut chances led to a spell of increased pressure from South Korea. David Luiz crucially headed an exquisite Lee Chung-Yong cross away from Koo, before a surging run from Kim Bo-Kyung resulted in the midfielder firing straight at Jefferson. But the hosts failed to make this period count and Brazil went ahead in the 44th minute. Neymar was felled by Lee Yong on the right and the Barcelona star picked himself up to curl a superb 25-yard free-kick into the corner on the stroke of half-time. And Scolari’s men doubled their lead four minutes after the interval. Oscar collected a defence-splitting pass from Paulinho and deftly beat the goalkeeper before shooting into the empty goal. Brazil then went close to extending their lead on the hour mark. Neymar's cross caused panic in the South Korea box and Luiz Gustavo made a late run to power a header goalwards with Lee Yong making a crucial deflection. South Korea nearly reduced the arrears from a corner with 20 minutes remaining, but Lee Chung-Yong put his near-post header wide. Hernanes could have added a third in the dying stages, but the Lazio midfielder hit a tame effort straight at Jung from the edge of the box. This made no difference to the result though, as Brazil built on victories over Australia and Portugal in their last two fixtures. Scolari's men will now switch their focus to Tuesday's friendly with Zambia in Beijing.
The PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST has kicked off at PAINT STADIUM, and we're waiting for you to submit your great illustrations. Whether your dream is to be the captain of your country's national team or something even greater, draw it in an illustration and send it to the world. It doesn't matter how skilled an artist you are. We're waiting for your art! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
England 4-1 Montenegro: Townsend caps perfect night for Hodgson The Tottenham forward starred for the Three Lions, with Wayne Rooney opening the scoring and Daniel Sturridge adding late on, while Dejan Damjanovic netted for the visitors Andros Townsend scored on his debut as England beat Montenegro 4-1 at Wembley to take a big step towards qualification for the 2014 World Cup. Wayne Rooney opened the scoring with his sixth goal in Group H on his return to the side and an own goal from Branko Boskovic doubled England's lead. But it was Townsend who stole the show as the Tottenham winger added a third after Dejan Damjanovic had pulled a goal back in the second half. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge scored a late penalty to leave England needing one more win against Poland on Tuesday to secure their place at the showpiece in Brazil next year. Defeat for Montenegro looks certain to have cost them a place at the World Cup, as second-placed Ukraine are three points better off than them with a far superior goal difference. As well as handing a debut to Townsend, England boss Roy Hodgson opted to pair Premier League top scorer Sturridge with Rooney in attack. Montenegro were without captain Mirko Vucinic, defenders Miodrag Dzudovic and Marko Basa as well as midfielder Milorad Pekovic - but Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic started, while also being handed the captain's armband. With the backing of a vociferous home crowd at Wembley, England started brightly and created several half-chances before Leighton Baines did well to win the ball back and pick out Welbeck from the byline. The forward fired straight at goalkeeper Vukasin Poleksic at the near post, however. Meanwhile, Townsend was causing all sorts of problems and he raced away down the right, before cutting in to shoot straight at Poleksic, who palmed the ball invitingly into Rooney’s path. Again, though, the striker could only fire into the side-netting from a tight angle. But Rooney made amends for that miss just two minutes into the second half when he put England in front. Unsurprisingly, Townsend was the architect, driving down the right before providing a cross that was headed into Welbeck’s path and, although the onrushing forward’s shot was saved by Poleksic, Rooney was on hand to tuck the ball home from six yards. England then doubled their lead in bizarre fashion after 61 minutes, when Welbeck raced into the box and fired the ball across the box before Boskovic toed the ball into the far corner of his own net. It was an uncompromising finish. Jovetic was unfortunate not to pull a goal back almost immediately, though, when his vicious right-foot drive from 25 yards out rattled the crossbar. But the visitors did make a game of it with 18 minutes remaining when Damjanovic diverted Fatos Beciraj’s shot into the far corner. England were not to be denied, however, and Townsend added a third with a fine right-foot drive from 20 yards with 12 minutes remaining, before Sturridge put the icing on the cake with a penalty in stoppage time. He was upended close to the byline by Ivan Kecojevic - but there was no stopping his composed spot-kick.
A typical snack of São Paulo, 'Pastel da Maria' was elected several times as the best in town. With superb quality and freshly baked products always available, it is very difficult to eat just one. Customers will find everything in the extensive menu: savory pasteis, special pasteis (with exclusive recipes) and sweets. All customers, young and old, leave satisfied. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The striker wanted to leave Manchester United this summer and, although he claims he is now "settled", he once again dodged contract questions Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney has revealed his frustration at being asked to play out of position by Sir Alex Ferguson last season, and once again refused to commit his future to the club. Rooney was desperate to leave Old Trafford this summer only to be thwarted by the club's refusal to sell him to a Premier League rival, with Arsenal and Chelsea the two clubs to show firm interest. The England striker has started the season in fine form, scoring five goals in eight games, but although he says he has felt "happy" and "settled" for months he also told of his irritation at not being played up front alongside Robin van Persie. "Everyone at the club knew where I wanted to play and I think that's why I was disappointed," he told reporters. "I got told to play in midfield and I didn't want to. I just think there had to come a point when, for my own career, I had to be a bit selfish really. "I actually felt when I played in midfield I did okay, but I didn't want to play there. I've had no problem in the past playing out of position, but I felt I deserved the right to play in my position and that wasn't happening. "I think, naturally, I was a bit disappointed and maybe that affected some of the games I played. I know myself that last year wasn't my best season but there were times when I was playing in different positions. "I didn't feel I got a consistent run of games up front. Sometimes when you're not playing in one position all the time it's difficult to adapt." Yet despite talking publicly about some of the reasons for his unhappiness at United over the last few months, the 27-year-old also claimed that he never, in fact, had any problems during the transfer window. "To be honest, I've been settled all summer," he added. "I really have been happy all summer. From the outside looking in, it might not have seemed like it, but I have been settled. "My wife had a new child and I'm just delighted to be back playing and injury-free. I've got my head down and worked hard. I've been focused and I've been wanting to prove to people that I am a top player. That's what I've really tried to do." Manchester United rejected two bids for Rooney from Chelsea during pre-season, before Jose Mourinho urged the striker to make his intentions known during the final week of the transfer window. Rooney decided to remain silent, publicly at least, as he quickly realised that the Red Devils were not interested in a sale: "I'm sure the club made that clear," he said. "Obviously there's been a lot of stuff happening and everyone has been waiting for me to say something, but I've spoken to the people who matter at the club and we've known ourselves what was going on. "I didn't want to come out saying anything. I just wanted to concentrate on my football. That's what I've done and that's what I'll continue to do. I'm not going to go around saying: 'I wanted to stay' or 'I wanted to leave'. I'll concentrate on my football and see what happens after that." It is not the first time Rooney, whose contract expires at the end of next season, has used that line to divert awkward questions about his current situation. When asked by ITV if he would be signing a new contract at Old Trafford following a Champions League match in September, the striker flatly stated that he is concentrating on his football. He employed a similar tactic again in Wednesday's press conference. "You can see I'm playing and I'm happy in my football. I'll have more discussions with the club and we'll see what happens from there." Reports at the beginning of the season suggested that Van Persie was unhappy with the playing tactics and high-intensity training implemened by Ferguson's replacement, David Moyes, but Rooney, for one, says he is enjoying life under his former Everton mentor, including the extra workload. "It's a bit different in terms of David Moyes and his staff coming in," he continued. "The training is different, there's a different style, a different way of thinking about how he wants us to play. "Honestly, the training has been so hard. We've done a lot more running. Long running, quicker running, sharper running. "I feel that's really benefited me. I feel as fit as I ever have done. I had a couple of injuries pre-season but I feel great and in good shape. It's a mixture of things, but I am happy and I am enjoying my football."
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema says he is not overly concerned about his current goal drought for France, claiming "it will not last 10 years". The 25-year-old hasn't found the back of the net for les Bleus for 1,217 minutes, but insists he knows that run will end sooner rather than later. "It is true that it's the longest period of my career without scoring, but it will not last 10 years," Benzema told Sport. "I have to keep working hard on my game and not give up, and I know I will reap the rewards. There are various types of number 9. There are those that don't score so much, but that offer other things. I'm in that group. "I don't have it in my head to score, I have it in my head that my team must win. If I score, all the better. Although of course, it is better if I do score." The Real Madrid star also played down claims that he has a poor attitude, insisting he has an unrelenting appetite to play football. "For me, an attitude problem is not wanting to enter the field of play," he continued. "Trust me, I want to play all time so I do not have a bad attitude. "I have to start to work defensively, but I know that above all my main job is to score goals. It's not my job to run all the way to Lloris' area. "However, I run 10 kilometres a game, and so feel that this criticism is undeserved. I run a lot."
PAINT STADIUM, which is bringing even more color to the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, is looking for your entries to the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST with the theme “YOUR FOOTBALL DREAM.” Do you dream of winning the World Cup, or do you have something else in mind? Turn your innermost hope into an illustration. We're waiting for the art that will propel your dream into coming true! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
The superstar forward injured his hamstring during Barcelona's Liga meeting with Almeria at the end of last month and is facing at least another fortnight on the sidelines Lionel Messi will sit out Argentina's World Cup qualifiers against Peru and Uruguay as he is still recovering from a thigh problem. The Barcelona superstar was initially named in coach Alejandro Sabella's preliminary squad for the final two games of qualification. However, with their progression already confirmed, the 26-year-old attacker has been released from the squad to recover from his thigh injury. The Argentine Football Association (AFA) confirmed on their website that Messi, along with Javier Mascherano and Gonzalo Higuain, will not have to meet up with the national team. Mascherano suffered a hamstring injury at the end of September and has missed Barcelona's last three matches. Meanwhile, Higuain was not involved in Napoli's Champions League clash with Arsenal due to a calf injury and he also missed their Serie A victory over Livorno on Sunday. Argentina face Peru on October 11 before travelling to Montevideo four days later to take on Uruguay.
The former Everton manager has had a rocky start to his tenure and "is under a bit of pressure" but the England forward feels that it is the squad who have been underperforming Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney admits that manager David Moyes is "under a bit of pressure" but feels that he and his fellow players are to blame. Despite coming from behind to beat Sunderland on Saturday, the Red Devils are only ninth in the Premier League table after seven games. But Rooney has urged his team-mates to use the comeback against the Black Cats as motivation in the future, and says the squad are still adapting to Moyes' style. "Obviously the manager is under a bit of pressure," Rooney told reporters. "We know as a team it's us who have let him down. We have to pull together for the manager and show the sort of fight we have done here and we'll be fine. "It will be because it's a new manager with different styles and we have to adapt to them," he argued of the drop in results. "We need to do better for him than we have been." Adnan Januzaj was the hero for United at the Stadium of Light. On his first start, the 18-year-old scored twice to turn the game around and the England international was thrilled to see the youngster excel. "He's a great prospect," Rooney enthused. "He takes the ball, he runs at players and he's got great ability. It's great the manager has thrown him into the side, especially with what has happened in the last few games. "There was big pressure on us but the manager has trusted him and he has repaid that. He's very confident - that's great to see. "A lot of the young players who come through are a little bit timid and shy but he looks comfortable and he's confident in his own ability, which you need to be. It was a brave move to play him in the circumstances and we’re delighted it's paid off. "There is a lot of pressure but he seems to thrive on it. We know the ability he has got but you never know how they are going to react when they are thrown into games. "We need to help the younger players and, if we do that, they'll be moments where they come in and win us the game, as has happened here. The experienced lads need to help them emerge into a team."
The opening stadium of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ is under construction, and expected to be more modern, luxurious and affordable than the Maracanã. The Itaquerão is located in the East Zone of São Paulo and will include shops, restaurants, and four thousand parking spaces, all on a plot of just 200,000 m². With enough capacity for 68,000 spectators (including 20,000 removable seats), the Brazilian National Team will open the World Cup here on June 12. They'll play on a natural grass pitch with a special American-made irrigation system, in a stadium with the technological capabilities to promote the world's greatest show to millions of fans. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Portuguese struck a 94th-minute winner to claim all three points for Real after they had looked like losing at Levante, but it was yet another poor performance away from home There was no refereeing controversy this time. Real Madrid's last-gasp win at Elche recently had come about thanks largely to the helping hand of match official Cesar Muniz Fernandez, who awarded a highly-contentious penalty deep into added time. On this occasion, however, it was more Madrid's fight and unwillingness to lie down that brought the reward of a late leveller and, subsequently, a 94th-minute winner. Carlo Ancelotti's side had looked second best for most of the night, twice going behind to a spirited and hard-working Levante side. But like last season, Alvaro Morata popped up with a last-minute effort - this time to level the scores - and Cristiano Ronaldo then hit home via a deflection to seal a sensational 3-2 win. Ronaldo rescued Real's fast-faltering hopes of winning La Liga and the strike spared Ancelotti's blushes, yet it could not hide a multitude of sins on another depressing night's football for the capital club. Marca described Madrid's performance as "dreadful", noting that the team had played with the "spirit" they have always shown - if "little else". "Ronaldo and Morata get Madrid out of intensive care," the paper added. The goal meant much to Madrid's players. Ronaldo removed his shirt to earn a booking he hardly seemed to care about, while goalkeeper Diego Lopez raced off his line and ran down the pitch to join in the wild celebrations. And on the bench, Ancelotti cut a relieved figure. "The victory was very important because it was a very difficult match," the Italian explained. "We never gave in, but we gave two goals away and we need to concentrate better because that made things complicated. But, when our team plays, we can win a game in five minutes..." On the road, however, Madrid have struggled in La Liga all season. An unconvincing 1-0 win at Granada in Real's first away game this term was followed by a 2-2 draw at Villarreal which, on a different night, could eaily have been a defeat. Then came the highly-controversial 2-1 victory at Elche, and now another success achieved in extremis on Saturday. But more worrying than the results, which have been generally good, will be the nature of the performances in those matches. On Saturday, Madrid began poorly and even though they were the better team by the interval, Levante came out stronger again and took the initiative with the first goal and also the third after Sergio Ramos had cancelled out Baba's opener. In the first half, it had looked like Madrid's more technical players held the key to breaking the Levante resolve, yet Ancelotti once again chose to take off the influential Isco and leave on the ineffectual Karim Benzema. To the Italian's credit, however, all three of his substitutions worked out as Morata netted the equaliser, fellow youngster Jese (who did replace the French forward late on) helped set up that goal and Marcelo changed the flow of the match with his penetrating attacks down the left flank. Still, there appeared to be no definite pattern to their game. Madrid, playing against a back line defending deep, needed to generate the play - and they are still struggling to do so. The sheer intensity of the home side caught the visitors off guard, too, and on this evidence, Xabi Alonso cannot return fast enough to add both solidity and creativity to a Madrid midfield which is currently lacking in both departments. And as so often before, Ronaldo was the hero. The Portuguese now has 12 goals from Madrid's opening 10 games in all competitions (matching his best season start, last term, although that included four penalties instead of two) and 50 strikes for club and country in 2013. But it was the result that mattered most for his side as it kept Madrid within five points of Barca (still with a perfect record in the Primera Division) with eight rounds of La Liga completed and ahead of the Clasico clash at Camp Nou later in October. That trip to the Catalan capital will be the greatest test of Madrid's title credentials but, given their continued struggles away from home, Ancelotti's side currently look nowhere near ready to face it.
It was as you were in matchday two of this competition, with Atletico Madrid impressing again, while Greenpeace protestors left Uefa with an awkward moment Juventus' ineptitude strikes again, another Real Madrid forward fires a shot across the bows of Gareth Bale and Atletico Madrid rumble on. Some things haven't changed from matchday one in the Champions League. Galatasaray ensure that the Italian champions must now take at least four points from a relentless Real Madrid, who could count on Angel Di Maria to deliver a match-winning performance against Copenhagen. Meanwhile, slick neighbours Atletico remain perfect in their group following a well-planned 2-1 win over Porto. Arsenal lead the English charge after their hugely impressive win, courtesy of the brilliant Mesut Ozil, against Napoli guaranteed six points from six. Chelsea are back on track after winning at a Steaua Bucharest side sorely lacking Vlad Chiriches. Manchester City's humbling at the hands of Bayern was one for the ages while United did well to hold Shakhtar, ultimately, to a draw. There was no shortage of controversy either. Mario Balotelli's rescue act for AC Milan was prompted by the dubious award of a last-minute penalty against Ajax and Zenit were furious to see Axel Witsel sent off for a seemingly legitimate challenge in the damaging 0-0 draw with Austria Vienna. Here are this week's talking points: Brown in the wrong, again, not Neymar Why should Neymar have to put up with criticism from the Celtic manager, Neil Lennon, and his Scotland counterpart Gordon Strachan after being attacked by Scott Brown on Tuesday night? Lennon told the press in the wake of Barcelona's 1-0 win at Parkhead that the game turned on Brown's red card and referred to Neymar's reputation as a diver as the main reason behind it. Well, there is one simple way to put a stop to all such conjecture: don't kick Neymar in the back. Scott Brown stupidly abdicated his captain's duties, nudging the Brazilian with his foot like a brat, leaving his side to play for half an hour against one of the best teams in the world. What ensued, inevitably, was a Barcelona victory. This season in the Champions League Brown had already stamped on a Shakhter Karagandy player and elbowed Mario Balotelli off the ball in the defeat to Milan, instigating a goal. Why is Celtic's captain behaving so thuggishly, seemingly intent on inflicting damage to his own team? And why is his manager excusing his behaviour, passing the blame to the victim? Even Brown's apology for the Barcelona dismissal was couched in the language of a man failing to grasp the consequence of his actions. In between "I made a mistake" and "I put my team-mates in a difficult position" were phrases like "in the heat of the moment", "I think it was a harsh decision" and "there wasn't a huge amount of contact." Things are hard enough for Celtic in a group containing Barcelona, Milan and Ajax. They do not need the indiscipline of Brown compromising their chances any further. His suspension should be welcomed by the players he can no longer endanger, on both sides. Uefa's relationship with Gazprom put under scrutiny On September 18, Greenpeace activists scaled Gazprom's Prirazlomnaya platform in protest against oil drilling in the Arctic. An AP investigation concluded that at least 5 million tonnes of Russian oil is lost to spillage every year. Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund published a report last month which warned of potential environmental catastrophe in the region in the event of a spill. In response to the scaling of the platform the Russian coastguard seized the Arctic Sunrise ship and towed it to the Murmansk, around 1000 kilometres away, and placed 30 protesters on board under arrest. Russian authorities plan to charge the Greenpeace activists with piracy which carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. There has been worldwide outrage over the detentions and the issue reached the world of football in dramatic circumstances on Tuesday. During the Basel - Schalke match at St Jakob Park, abseilers unveiled a banner carrying the slogan DON'T FOUL THE ARCTIC and calling for the immediate release of the 30 activists. It also, crucially, mentioned by name Gazprom, which is an official Champions League sponsor having signed a deal with Uefa in 2012 for a duration of three seasons. The sums involved were not disclosed but, given the company's 2012 revenue was $152 billion, it was not insignificant. Gazprom, while owning Zenit St Petersburg, also sponsors Schalke as well as Red Star Belgrade and Chelsea. It has become a major player in European football. With Fifa's relationship with the state of Qatar currently under the spotlight and drawing heavy criticism the focus now comes onto Michel Platini's organisation. Not that you would know it. This week no official Uefa highlights package or match report carried news of the protest in Switzerland. Blackout. But those inside the stadium and watching on television know what they saw. It was a moment of acute embarrassment for Uefa and Gazprom and placed under scrutiny the organisation's relationship with an entity seen as unethical and dangerous. Bundesliga clubs can enjoy German Unity Day Representative teams from the Bundesliga can kick back, relax and enjoy a well-deserved day off on German Unity Day today. For the first time in history four competing clubs from Germany won on the same matchday in the Champions League. Borussia Dortmund were back in the groove on Tuesday night with Marco Reus and Robert Lewandowski looking sharp. Schalke, again thanks to their precocious and brilliant playmaker Julian Draxler, achieved victory over a hard-working Basel while on Wednesday Jens Hegeler's stupendous last-minute free-kick earned Bayer Leverkusen the three points at the expense of Real Sociedad. At the vanguard, as usual, were Bayern Munich. If you caught minutes 80-90 without looking at the scoreboard you might have thought City were in with a chance. Bayern, down to 10 men with young substitutes on, tired as their relentless 80-minute press took its toll. What preceded that was the finest spell of football played in Europe this season. It was close to perfection. Happily for the competitiveness of the Bundesliga, Bayern are not, yet, top of the league. That honour goes to Dortmund while Leverkusen are not far behind. With Milan and Juventus drawing and Napoli losing there is only one direction this co-efficient battle is going. German football is in rude health. Cherish record-breaker Giggs while he's still playing "A great source of pride," is how Ryan Giggs described becoming the player with the most appearances in the Champions League. He took his total to 145 in Manchester United's 1-1 draw away at Shakhtar Donetsk. In the match against the Ukrainians he edged past Raul in the all-time ranking. Well, Giggsy, it has been a great source of happiness watching you play football for the past 23 years. Robson, Cantona, Keane, Beckham, Scholes and Sir Alex Ferguson himself have been and gone since Giggs made his debut and now alone he stands as a last link to United's glorious heritage. Here is a player who remains in prime physical condition a month short of his 40th birthday and who has been a model of consistency and professionalism throughout his distinguished career. Despite stacking up the honours year after year his appetite remains undiminished and his willingness to teach younger players shines brightly. The Welshman is living football history and his presence should be cherished where ever he plays between now and his retirement. He's played close to 950 club matches in United's colours. Here's to 1,000. Hot-shot Mitroglou gives Olympiacos hope PSG's destruction of Benfica, inspired by the brilliant Zlatan Ibrahimovic, moved the French champions to six points and seemingly out of sight with two games against Anderlecht to come but it will also have been hailed in Piraeus by Olympiacos. The Greek champions were comprehensively outplayed by the Parisians on matchday one but put themselves in with a fighting chance of progress with a 3-0 smash-and-grab win over the Belgians away from home. The main source of their win was Kostas Mitroglou, the Greece international forward. He scored a hat-trick on the night, the pick of which was his third goal. Late in the game, he caressed the top of the ball with the underside of his left-foot and drove expertly a shot into the top corner with his right. It was the goal of a man in form. Amazingly, it was Mitrogolou's third hat-trick of the season for Olympiacos having already rattled in two for the Super League leaders against Levadiakos and Xanthi. Deprived of the talents of Djamel Abdoun this season, Olympiacos will look to Mitroglou as well as impressive new pair Vladimir Weiss and Javier Saviola for Champions League progression. The games against Benfica are now vital.
The Football Museum is a thematic museum, located in the Stadium Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho. The museum features many interactive audiovisual resources. Pictures of great players such as Pele, Zico and Ronaldo are projected on large screens, and narrated displays introduce important stories in the history of the sport. Club histories are also represented with flags, banners, posters, and other supporter memorabilia. For young people who like technology, a “virtual field” allows visitors to kick an imaginary ball into a 3D goal. There's not enough space available to describe all of incredible content on display at the Football Museum. The best way to discover everything it has to offer is to go yourself. It's a must-see for anyone visiting Sao Paulo. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
David Moyes has again insisted that he is the right man to lead Manchester United after the club suffered their worst start to a season in 24 years. The champions have lost three of their opening six Premier League games under the Scot and currently lie 12th in the standings with a return of just seven points. But Moyes, who succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson's 26-and-a-half year reign in June, has confidence in his abilities and those of the United squad as he looks to climb at the table. "I'm sure United know they picked the right man for the job and Sir Alex was part of that process as well," he told reporters on Friday. "They're really good players. They know the standards they've set over the years - together we'll work to get it right. "It's a long season. We'll hang in there and get ourselves as close to the top as soon as we can." United's next test is the trip to the Stadum of Light to face managerless Sunderland. Kevin Ball is taking charge of the Black Cats on a temporary basis and Moyes has warned his squad not to underestimate the struggling side. "It's an important game," he noted. "We want to try and win it so we'll pick a team which we think can get a result. "Kevin is very experienced. They look like they played quite well in the last two games." Wayne Rooney is expected to be fit to face Sunderland on Saturday but Moyes admits that he is unsure of the latest on the striker's shin injury, adding: "I've not seen Wayne this morning so I couldn't give you an update yet."
Retro Liga is a sports brand which has several stores across Brazil and is a big hit with football fans. In the store you will find everything you can imagine, from replica uniforms to key chains, caps, books, and other souvenirs. The historical shirts are exclusive models, accompanied by a card that describes the relevant year of football in vivid detail. Seeking to meet all needs, Liga Retro has women's t-shirts, men's, children's and baby models. The whole family can shop for their team shirts together before going to the stadium. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The 52-year-old has engaged in more verbal jousting with his arch-rival by mocking the status of his Fifa award compared to his title of Player of the Century Argentina legend Diego Maradona has reignited his feud with Pele by claiming his recognition from Fifa is "not worth sh*t". Maradona trumped his Brazilian counterpart to the Player of the Century award in 2000, collecting 53 per cent of the internet-based vote, while Pele's achievements were also recognised after he topped a poll of Fifa's "Football Family" at the same ceremony. However, the 52-year-old feels that his rival's award is paled into insignificance by his own. "In 2000 I won the Player of the Century award thanks to the people. Pele was second," he told reporters. "He also came second behind [Aryton] Senna as Brazil's greatest sportsman. "The award that Fifa gave Pele isn't worth sh*t." Meanwhile, the former Argentina boss has also launched a scathing attack on Fifa's president Sepp Blatter and its senior delegates, questioning their competency level when they are "so old that they cannot even drive a car". He added: "The Fifa directors are all over 95 years old! "The people there are so old that they cannot even drive a car, so how do they lead the world of football?"
The Itaquerão Stadium is located about 23 km from the city center (i.e. - Paulista Avenue), and 29 km from the Congonhas Airport. Subway / CPTM stations named "Corinthians-Itaquera" is located next to the stadium. So, trains may be the best transportation option for the fans. Subway Direction: The Corinthians-Itaquera Station is the last stop of Line 3 (Orange Line) CPTM Direction: You can also get to the Corinthians-Itaquera Station by CPMT (Line E) Taxi: A taxi fair can be expensive. From the Congonhas Airport or City Center (i.e.- Paulista Avenue), the taxi fair can be around BRL 200 or USD 100 with the traffic. The price could drop to a half "if" there is no traffic; however, don't count on it as there is little chance that you will face no traffic in the city during the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
Valencia centre-back Adil Rami will sign for AC Milan in January on loan with an option to buy at the end of the season, the Liga club have confirmed. The France international had become out of favour at Mestalla after a public fall-out that involved him criticising coach Miroslav Djukic and he will not play again for the Spanish side this season. Los Che endured a poor start to the season - with four consecutive defeats - and Rami lashed out on Spanish radio, to which the club responded by removing him from the first team. Valencia then suspended the 27-year-old without pay for a week for his actions as the wheels kicked into motion for his departure to San Siro, and he is already training with the Rossoneri but cannot play for the first team until January. Rami joined Valencia from Lille in 2011 having spent roughly five years at the Ligue 1 club and he has 26 caps for les Bleus since his 2010 debut.
The Bavarians' Spanish coach has been pleasantly surprised by how quickly his new side have adapted to his style and insists there is more to come if his personnel heed his words Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola believes his side will continue to improve once key players recover from injury and his squad continue to accept his managerial decisions. The Bavarians have been without a number of first-team stars in recent weeks with Holger Badstuber, Javi Martinez and Thiago Alcantara all absent while Mario Gotze and Bastian Schweinsteiger have been struggling for fitness. But Guardiola has fired a warning to other Bundesliga sides, insisting that his team can only improve on their early-season showings - if they correctly carry out his instructions. "I am convinced that we will be even better when all the players are fit," he told the club's official magazine. "But we will only be in the hunt for titles at the end of the season if each player accepts my decisions in this great squad. "Otherwise, we have problems. I am a great friend of my players when they accept what I say. I support those who accept my decisions but those who do not want to understand will sit in the stands. I say again: we need all of our players." Guardiola took over from Jupp Heynckes this season and admits that when he got the call to become Bayern coach, he made an instant decision to accept the role. "From the first contact I had with Bayern, I knew within seconds: you have to do it," he said. "I did not want to pass up the opportunity to work here with this great team that the club had put together in the past few years. Had I said no, I might not have been asked again." Bayern sit top of the Bundesliga after eight games and have already demonstrated their class with fine domestic and European displays, most notably a 3-1 win against Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium. And the Spaniard has been pleased with what he has seen from his side so far. "It's not all that important to be top of the table in October, but it's always nice to be there," Guardiola continued. "All that matters at the moment is that we get to grips with our playing style. It's an ongoing process and the performances against Manchester City and Leverkusen show we've already reached a decent level that we want to maintain in the coming weeks. "I'm honestly really surprised how quickly the players have taken my ideas on board. We definitely need more time, but the level is already very, very high ... I'm happy how we're playing."
Brazil 2-0 Zambia: Oscar inspires Selecao to fourth successive win The Chelsea man came off the bench to open scoring in China before Dede put the game to bed six minutes later with his first ever goal for his country Brazil racked up their fourth successive victory by beating Zambia 2-0 in a friendly fixture in Beijing on Tuesday. Luiz Felipe Scolari's men were far from their fluent best but, after a goalless first half, Chelsea midfielder Oscar came off the bench to open the scoring with a deflected effort. Shortly after, the game was put beyond all doubt when Dede notched his first international goal with a close-range header. Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva was handed his first start in nearly two years, while Alexandre Pato and Lucas Moura were also given opportunities. Patrice Beaumelle was in the dugout for Zambia, after taking control on an interim basis following the departure of Herve Renard to Sochaux. Brazil almost made an electric start in the third minute when Neymar's sublime free kick rebounded off the crossbar. Shortly after, his Barcelona team-mate Daniel Alves hit a half-volley that narrowly drifted over the bar. On the 15-minute mark a clever one-two between Ramires and Neymar led to the Chelsea midfielder going one-on-one with Kennedy Mweene only to ultimately put his effort just wide of the post. Emmanuel Mayuka was lively up front for Zambia without causing any real issues for the Brazilian defence and only had a tame effort which was held by Diego Cavalieri. Neymar should have put Brazil ahead in the 37th minute when he looped a header wide from Maxwell's delivery when unmarked in the box. And he was again thwarted on the stroke of half-time with Mweene parrying his left-footed effort for a corner as the sides went in level at the break. Brazil started the second half in lacklustre fashion with Scolari visibly frustrated on the sidelines. David Luiz did go close with a 25-yard free kick but his effort was smartly parried away by Mweene. However, the deadlock was finally broken in the 59th minute, courtesy of substitute Oscar. The Chelsea midfielder cut inside Mayuka on the left before hitting a 20-yard effort that took a huge deflection off Chisambu Lungu and looped over Mweene into the far corner. As Zambia tired, the game was put beyond doubt in the 66th minute when Dede pulled away from his marker to head home Neymar's free kick from six yards. Buoyed by their quick-fire double, Brazil continued to push for a third and Oscar should have done so in the dying stages when after a flowing move he curled an effort straight at Mweene. But the miss made no difference to the final outcome as Brazil extended their winning run to four matches. Scolari will now look ahead to Brazil's friendly clash with Honduras in Miami in November.
Goal takes a look at the sides that can seal their places at international football's greatest show in the coming days With the qualification campaign for the 2014 World Cup approaching its decisive stages, a number of teams will this week be looking to book their tickets for next year's tournament. Hosts Brazil have already been joined by Asian representatives Japan, Australia, Iran and South Korea, European teams Netherlands, Italy, Germany, Belgium and Switzerland, as well as Concacaf outfits USA, Costa Rica and fellow South American sides Argentina and Colombia. Additionally, a number of nations from Africa, Europe, North America and South America can also seal qualification in the coming days. In Europe, Russia will be confident of reaching next year's tournament with just one more game to go in Group F. A draw against Azerbaijan will be enough for Fabio Capello's men to secure top spot ahead of Portugal, while even a defeat could still see them through, with the Seleccao seven goals worse off ahead of Tuesday's encounter versus Luxembourg. Group G is a straight battle between Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece, with the former likely to top the group if they win against Lithuania due to the huge goal difference between the two sides. Greece will only book their ticket for Brazil if they do better than Bosnia or beat Liechtenstein by 18 goals more than the current leaders defeat Lithuania. Elsewhere, England will qualify if they beat Poland, while a draw or loss will only be enough if second-placed Ukraine fail to beat Group H minnows San Marino. Finally in Europe, reigning world champions Spain need one more point to guarantee their ticket to Brazil. If they lose against Georgia, France can only overtake them if they beat Finland by a sufficient margin to better Spain's goal difference. In the Concacaf zone, Honduras are sitting in pole position to secure qualification as a draw versus bottom-side Jamaica will suffice. However, Mexico can overtake them if they lose and the Mexicans bag the full three points versus Costa Rica. In South America, meanwhile, Ecuador meet Chile, with both teams guaranteed to qualify automatically with a draw. Fifth-placed Uruguay can only book their ticket for the World Cup if they beat Argentina and one of Ecuador or Chile win, while they will also have to significantly improve their goal difference (they are four goals behind Chile and six behind Ecuador at present). The African play-offs continue on Wednesday, with Cote d'Ivoire and Nigeria defending a first-leg lead, while Tunisia travel to Cameroon on Thursday after a scoreless draw at the weekend. Oceania representative New Zealand and Asian side Jordan will be closely monitoring the action in North and South America respectively, with the intercontinental play-offs taking place in November.
The former Serie A star is not impressed with the level of modern football and has rallied against the high wages paid to players these days Faustino Asprilla believes referees give Barcelona forward Lionel Messi too much protection on the pitch. The former Colombia international is of the opinion that life was much harder for attackers during his playing days due to the quality of defenders, as well as match officials' tendency to let play continue wherever possible. "When I still played, forwards did not get as much protection from referees. If someone fouls Messi now, people all over the world start crying and complaining," Asprilla told La Gazzetta dello Sport. "I don't remember anyone complaining when defenders had a go at me, Gabriel Batistuta or Marco van Basten. "Life's much easier for attackers these days. There are no defenders like Franco Baresi and Pietro Vierchowod around. I still have nightmares about them." Asprilla then went on to voice his opinion that wages are too high in modern football as he feels only a few players really merit excessive salaries. "Of course, I earned good money, but nowhere near as much as players get now," the 43-year-old explained. "Nowadays even a flop earns per month what someone like Van Basten got in a year. "And I don't exactly see many players of Van Basten's level around ..." Asprilla wore the jerseys of clubs such as Parma, Newcastle United, Palmeiras and Fluminense during his active career.
Retro Liga is a sports brand which has several stores across Brazil and is a big hit with football fans. In the store you will find everything you can imagine, from replica uniforms to key chains, caps, books, and other souvenirs. The historical shirts are exclusive models, accompanied by a card that describes the relevant year of football in vivid detail. Seeking to meet all needs, Liga Retro has women's t-shirts, men's, children's and baby models. The whole family can shop for their team shirts together before going to the stadium. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Roja boss wants his side to finish first in their World Cup qualification group by claiming a point from their clash with Georgia on Saturday Vicente del Bosque has urged his Spain troops to seal top spot in Group I of World Cup qualification for Europe on Tuesday. The world and European champions face Georgia in Albacete in their final clash of the campaign, needing just one point to confirm their automatic place in next summer's tournament. And Del Bosque has ackowledged that his side's campaign has been tough, singling out their home ties with France and Finland, in which they only managed draws. "We are hoping to finish first and we have it in our hands," he told reporters. "We've been through two really bad moments, the game against France at the Vicente Calderon and the one against Finland in Gijon. "We've had moments of great difficulty for those two results. And yet, people are talking about the World Cup as something we've achieved when we're in a moment of trouble. "Georgia are not England or Italy, but we have to finish the job. I'm not calm, even though it's true we only have one step left." Spain's forwards have come under scrutiny over the course of the last year, with la Roja having found the net just 12 times in their seven games, but Del Bosque is convinced of the quality at his disposal. "It's not right to blame the forwards. [Roberto] Soldado is at Tottenham, Alvaro Negredo is at City, who paid a lot of money for him, [Fernando] Torres has had a great career." Spain and Georgia kick off at 21:00CET on Tuesday. Second-placed France, who sit three points behind la Roja, host Finland.
The festival of dreams that is the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ will enchant the world. At PAINT STADIUM, we're holding another competition to get the world excited: the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST. If your dream is to score with a bicycle kick, draw it and submit it to PAINT STADIUM. Your illustrations will help to make the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ even more exciting! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
Gareth Bale's agent, Jonathan Barnett, has launched an attack on Spanish publication Marca, rubbishing reports the sports daily published regarding his client suffering from a slipped disc. The Real Madrid man has yet to feature for a full 90 minutes since becoming the most expensive footballer in history, only turning out in three appearances for Carlo Ancelotti's men. But Barnett has refuted allegations that Bale, who has been out for almost two weeks with a thigh issue, failed his medical before his €100 million transfer in September owing to a slipped disc problem. "I spoke to a reporter from Marca, I told him: ‘It’s complete rubbish,' and yet they still print it," the agent told La Sexta. "Whatever they say is a lie. "He passed the medical, he’s 100 per cent fit, there’s no problem. He’s the most expensive transfer in history; if there was a problem, they [Madrid] would have stopped the transfer. "How stupid and irresponsible of Marca to have run such a stupid story. There is no problem. He has a slight tear in his thigh, he’ll be fit to play hopefully after the internationals. "He [Bale] is angry, not sad. He’s angry that a newspaper can write such rubbish. We won’t be speaking to anybody else about this one story and we will never speak about it ever again, it’s complete rubbish." The 24-year-old has not produced the desired impact in his stint at the Santiago Bernabeu yet, with Ancelotti recently claiming his star's adaptation was being hampered by injury. Following los Blancos' revelation that Bale suffers from a disc bulge, the head of the capital outfit's medical services has insisted that Madrid have nothing to worry about. "You have to put chronic disk protrusions in context of the sporting world," Carlos Diez explained to Cadena SER. "The majority of players suffer from them and it makes sense, because we are talking about players competing at the highest level, who suffer more wear and tear than a normal person. "When Bale had his medical no clinical condition was discovered, just a radiological finding. There’s no threat that he will need surgery. "Bale played last season in the Premier League without any problems, he’s trained very well with us and we don’t need to give these findings any more importance. "Our view was that the player was ready and therefore there was nothing to report to the president [Florentino Perez]."
South Korea 0-2 Brazil: Neymar and Oscar seal win The Selecao continued their preparations for World Cup 2014 with a routine victory over their Asian hosts on Saturday Goals from Neymar and Oscar saw Brazil chalk up their third straight victory as they saw off South Korea 2-0 at the Seoul World Cup stadium. Luiz Felipe Scolari's side were far from their fluent best on Saturday but still managed to overcome a stubborn challenge from the home side. After a first period devoid of clear-cut chances, Neymar lit up the game with a sublime free-kick on the stroke of half-time. And the encounter was put beyond doubt shortly after the break as Oscar rounded goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong and fired into the open net. Scolari named an attacking starting XI with Neymar and Hulk partnering Jo in a front three. South Korea boss Hong Myung-Bo left Bayer Leverkusen forward Son Heung-Min on the bench, although Sunderland midfielder Ki Sung-Yeung started. Brazil made a lacklustre start to the game and could have gone behind in the third minute when Koo Ja-Cheol fired wide from the left of the box after Ki's neat through ball. The visitors' first glimpse of the Korean goal came when Hulk played a one-two with Jo before shooting, but his strike was smothered by Jung. Chelsea midfielder Oscar then hit a snap shot on the turn from 25-yards that cleared the crossbar. Brazil's failure to create clear-cut chances led to a spell of increased pressure from South Korea. David Luiz crucially headed an exquisite Lee Chung-Yong cross away from Koo, before a surging run from Kim Bo-Kyung resulted in the midfielder firing straight at Jefferson. But the hosts failed to make this period count and Brazil went ahead in the 44th minute. Neymar was felled by Lee Yong on the right and the Barcelona star picked himself up to curl a superb 25-yard free-kick into the corner on the stroke of half-time. And Scolari’s men doubled their lead four minutes after the interval. Oscar collected a defence-splitting pass from Paulinho and deftly beat the goalkeeper before shooting into the empty goal. Brazil then went close to extending their lead on the hour mark. Neymar's cross caused panic in the South Korea box and Luiz Gustavo made a late run to power a header goalwards with Lee Yong making a crucial deflection. South Korea nearly reduced the arrears from a corner with 20 minutes remaining, but Lee Chung-Yong put his near-post header wide. Hernanes could have added a third in the dying stages, but the Lazio midfielder hit a tame effort straight at Jung from the edge of the box. This made no difference to the result though, as Brazil built on victories over Australia and Portugal in their last two fixtures. Scolari's men will now switch their focus to Tuesday's friendly with Zambia in Beijing.
The PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST has kicked off at PAINT STADIUM, and we're waiting for you to submit your great illustrations. Whether your dream is to be the captain of your country's national team or something even greater, draw it in an illustration and send it to the world. It doesn't matter how skilled an artist you are. We're waiting for your art! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
England 4-1 Montenegro: Townsend caps perfect night for Hodgson The Tottenham forward starred for the Three Lions, with Wayne Rooney opening the scoring and Daniel Sturridge adding late on, while Dejan Damjanovic netted for the visitors Andros Townsend scored on his debut as England beat Montenegro 4-1 at Wembley to take a big step towards qualification for the 2014 World Cup. Wayne Rooney opened the scoring with his sixth goal in Group H on his return to the side and an own goal from Branko Boskovic doubled England's lead. But it was Townsend who stole the show as the Tottenham winger added a third after Dejan Damjanovic had pulled a goal back in the second half. Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge scored a late penalty to leave England needing one more win against Poland on Tuesday to secure their place at the showpiece in Brazil next year. Defeat for Montenegro looks certain to have cost them a place at the World Cup, as second-placed Ukraine are three points better off than them with a far superior goal difference. As well as handing a debut to Townsend, England boss Roy Hodgson opted to pair Premier League top scorer Sturridge with Rooney in attack. Montenegro were without captain Mirko Vucinic, defenders Miodrag Dzudovic and Marko Basa as well as midfielder Milorad Pekovic - but Manchester City striker Stevan Jovetic started, while also being handed the captain's armband. With the backing of a vociferous home crowd at Wembley, England started brightly and created several half-chances before Leighton Baines did well to win the ball back and pick out Welbeck from the byline. The forward fired straight at goalkeeper Vukasin Poleksic at the near post, however. Meanwhile, Townsend was causing all sorts of problems and he raced away down the right, before cutting in to shoot straight at Poleksic, who palmed the ball invitingly into Rooney’s path. Again, though, the striker could only fire into the side-netting from a tight angle. But Rooney made amends for that miss just two minutes into the second half when he put England in front. Unsurprisingly, Townsend was the architect, driving down the right before providing a cross that was headed into Welbeck’s path and, although the onrushing forward’s shot was saved by Poleksic, Rooney was on hand to tuck the ball home from six yards. England then doubled their lead in bizarre fashion after 61 minutes, when Welbeck raced into the box and fired the ball across the box before Boskovic toed the ball into the far corner of his own net. It was an uncompromising finish. Jovetic was unfortunate not to pull a goal back almost immediately, though, when his vicious right-foot drive from 25 yards out rattled the crossbar. But the visitors did make a game of it with 18 minutes remaining when Damjanovic diverted Fatos Beciraj’s shot into the far corner. England were not to be denied, however, and Townsend added a third with a fine right-foot drive from 20 yards with 12 minutes remaining, before Sturridge put the icing on the cake with a penalty in stoppage time. He was upended close to the byline by Ivan Kecojevic - but there was no stopping his composed spot-kick.
A typical snack of São Paulo, 'Pastel da Maria' was elected several times as the best in town. With superb quality and freshly baked products always available, it is very difficult to eat just one. Customers will find everything in the extensive menu: savory pasteis, special pasteis (with exclusive recipes) and sweets. All customers, young and old, leave satisfied. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The striker wanted to leave Manchester United this summer and, although he claims he is now "settled", he once again dodged contract questions Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney has revealed his frustration at being asked to play out of position by Sir Alex Ferguson last season, and once again refused to commit his future to the club. Rooney was desperate to leave Old Trafford this summer only to be thwarted by the club's refusal to sell him to a Premier League rival, with Arsenal and Chelsea the two clubs to show firm interest. The England striker has started the season in fine form, scoring five goals in eight games, but although he says he has felt "happy" and "settled" for months he also told of his irritation at not being played up front alongside Robin van Persie. "Everyone at the club knew where I wanted to play and I think that's why I was disappointed," he told reporters. "I got told to play in midfield and I didn't want to. I just think there had to come a point when, for my own career, I had to be a bit selfish really. "I actually felt when I played in midfield I did okay, but I didn't want to play there. I've had no problem in the past playing out of position, but I felt I deserved the right to play in my position and that wasn't happening. "I think, naturally, I was a bit disappointed and maybe that affected some of the games I played. I know myself that last year wasn't my best season but there were times when I was playing in different positions. "I didn't feel I got a consistent run of games up front. Sometimes when you're not playing in one position all the time it's difficult to adapt." Yet despite talking publicly about some of the reasons for his unhappiness at United over the last few months, the 27-year-old also claimed that he never, in fact, had any problems during the transfer window. "To be honest, I've been settled all summer," he added. "I really have been happy all summer. From the outside looking in, it might not have seemed like it, but I have been settled. "My wife had a new child and I'm just delighted to be back playing and injury-free. I've got my head down and worked hard. I've been focused and I've been wanting to prove to people that I am a top player. That's what I've really tried to do." Manchester United rejected two bids for Rooney from Chelsea during pre-season, before Jose Mourinho urged the striker to make his intentions known during the final week of the transfer window. Rooney decided to remain silent, publicly at least, as he quickly realised that the Red Devils were not interested in a sale: "I'm sure the club made that clear," he said. "Obviously there's been a lot of stuff happening and everyone has been waiting for me to say something, but I've spoken to the people who matter at the club and we've known ourselves what was going on. "I didn't want to come out saying anything. I just wanted to concentrate on my football. That's what I've done and that's what I'll continue to do. I'm not going to go around saying: 'I wanted to stay' or 'I wanted to leave'. I'll concentrate on my football and see what happens after that." It is not the first time Rooney, whose contract expires at the end of next season, has used that line to divert awkward questions about his current situation. When asked by ITV if he would be signing a new contract at Old Trafford following a Champions League match in September, the striker flatly stated that he is concentrating on his football. He employed a similar tactic again in Wednesday's press conference. "You can see I'm playing and I'm happy in my football. I'll have more discussions with the club and we'll see what happens from there." Reports at the beginning of the season suggested that Van Persie was unhappy with the playing tactics and high-intensity training implemened by Ferguson's replacement, David Moyes, but Rooney, for one, says he is enjoying life under his former Everton mentor, including the extra workload. "It's a bit different in terms of David Moyes and his staff coming in," he continued. "The training is different, there's a different style, a different way of thinking about how he wants us to play. "Honestly, the training has been so hard. We've done a lot more running. Long running, quicker running, sharper running. "I feel that's really benefited me. I feel as fit as I ever have done. I had a couple of injuries pre-season but I feel great and in good shape. It's a mixture of things, but I am happy and I am enjoying my football."
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema says he is not overly concerned about his current goal drought for France, claiming "it will not last 10 years". The 25-year-old hasn't found the back of the net for les Bleus for 1,217 minutes, but insists he knows that run will end sooner rather than later. "It is true that it's the longest period of my career without scoring, but it will not last 10 years," Benzema told Sport. "I have to keep working hard on my game and not give up, and I know I will reap the rewards. There are various types of number 9. There are those that don't score so much, but that offer other things. I'm in that group. "I don't have it in my head to score, I have it in my head that my team must win. If I score, all the better. Although of course, it is better if I do score." The Real Madrid star also played down claims that he has a poor attitude, insisting he has an unrelenting appetite to play football. "For me, an attitude problem is not wanting to enter the field of play," he continued. "Trust me, I want to play all time so I do not have a bad attitude. "I have to start to work defensively, but I know that above all my main job is to score goals. It's not my job to run all the way to Lloris' area. "However, I run 10 kilometres a game, and so feel that this criticism is undeserved. I run a lot."
PAINT STADIUM, which is bringing even more color to the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™, is looking for your entries to the PAINT YOUR DREAMS CONTEST with the theme “YOUR FOOTBALL DREAM.” Do you dream of winning the World Cup, or do you have something else in mind? Turn your innermost hope into an illustration. We're waiting for the art that will propel your dream into coming true! #onestadium #paint_stadium #football
The superstar forward injured his hamstring during Barcelona's Liga meeting with Almeria at the end of last month and is facing at least another fortnight on the sidelines Lionel Messi will sit out Argentina's World Cup qualifiers against Peru and Uruguay as he is still recovering from a thigh problem. The Barcelona superstar was initially named in coach Alejandro Sabella's preliminary squad for the final two games of qualification. However, with their progression already confirmed, the 26-year-old attacker has been released from the squad to recover from his thigh injury. The Argentine Football Association (AFA) confirmed on their website that Messi, along with Javier Mascherano and Gonzalo Higuain, will not have to meet up with the national team. Mascherano suffered a hamstring injury at the end of September and has missed Barcelona's last three matches. Meanwhile, Higuain was not involved in Napoli's Champions League clash with Arsenal due to a calf injury and he also missed their Serie A victory over Livorno on Sunday. Argentina face Peru on October 11 before travelling to Montevideo four days later to take on Uruguay.
The former Everton manager has had a rocky start to his tenure and "is under a bit of pressure" but the England forward feels that it is the squad who have been underperforming Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney admits that manager David Moyes is "under a bit of pressure" but feels that he and his fellow players are to blame. Despite coming from behind to beat Sunderland on Saturday, the Red Devils are only ninth in the Premier League table after seven games. But Rooney has urged his team-mates to use the comeback against the Black Cats as motivation in the future, and says the squad are still adapting to Moyes' style. "Obviously the manager is under a bit of pressure," Rooney told reporters. "We know as a team it's us who have let him down. We have to pull together for the manager and show the sort of fight we have done here and we'll be fine. "It will be because it's a new manager with different styles and we have to adapt to them," he argued of the drop in results. "We need to do better for him than we have been." Adnan Januzaj was the hero for United at the Stadium of Light. On his first start, the 18-year-old scored twice to turn the game around and the England international was thrilled to see the youngster excel. "He's a great prospect," Rooney enthused. "He takes the ball, he runs at players and he's got great ability. It's great the manager has thrown him into the side, especially with what has happened in the last few games. "There was big pressure on us but the manager has trusted him and he has repaid that. He's very confident - that's great to see. "A lot of the young players who come through are a little bit timid and shy but he looks comfortable and he's confident in his own ability, which you need to be. It was a brave move to play him in the circumstances and we’re delighted it's paid off. "There is a lot of pressure but he seems to thrive on it. We know the ability he has got but you never know how they are going to react when they are thrown into games. "We need to help the younger players and, if we do that, they'll be moments where they come in and win us the game, as has happened here. The experienced lads need to help them emerge into a team."
The opening stadium of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil™ is under construction, and expected to be more modern, luxurious and affordable than the Maracanã. The Itaquerão is located in the East Zone of São Paulo and will include shops, restaurants, and four thousand parking spaces, all on a plot of just 200,000 m². With enough capacity for 68,000 spectators (including 20,000 removable seats), the Brazilian National Team will open the World Cup here on June 12. They'll play on a natural grass pitch with a special American-made irrigation system, in a stadium with the technological capabilities to promote the world's greatest show to millions of fans. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
The Portuguese struck a 94th-minute winner to claim all three points for Real after they had looked like losing at Levante, but it was yet another poor performance away from home There was no refereeing controversy this time. Real Madrid's last-gasp win at Elche recently had come about thanks largely to the helping hand of match official Cesar Muniz Fernandez, who awarded a highly-contentious penalty deep into added time. On this occasion, however, it was more Madrid's fight and unwillingness to lie down that brought the reward of a late leveller and, subsequently, a 94th-minute winner. Carlo Ancelotti's side had looked second best for most of the night, twice going behind to a spirited and hard-working Levante side. But like last season, Alvaro Morata popped up with a last-minute effort - this time to level the scores - and Cristiano Ronaldo then hit home via a deflection to seal a sensational 3-2 win. Ronaldo rescued Real's fast-faltering hopes of winning La Liga and the strike spared Ancelotti's blushes, yet it could not hide a multitude of sins on another depressing night's football for the capital club. Marca described Madrid's performance as "dreadful", noting that the team had played with the "spirit" they have always shown - if "little else". "Ronaldo and Morata get Madrid out of intensive care," the paper added. The goal meant much to Madrid's players. Ronaldo removed his shirt to earn a booking he hardly seemed to care about, while goalkeeper Diego Lopez raced off his line and ran down the pitch to join in the wild celebrations. And on the bench, Ancelotti cut a relieved figure. "The victory was very important because it was a very difficult match," the Italian explained. "We never gave in, but we gave two goals away and we need to concentrate better because that made things complicated. But, when our team plays, we can win a game in five minutes..." On the road, however, Madrid have struggled in La Liga all season. An unconvincing 1-0 win at Granada in Real's first away game this term was followed by a 2-2 draw at Villarreal which, on a different night, could eaily have been a defeat. Then came the highly-controversial 2-1 victory at Elche, and now another success achieved in extremis on Saturday. But more worrying than the results, which have been generally good, will be the nature of the performances in those matches. On Saturday, Madrid began poorly and even though they were the better team by the interval, Levante came out stronger again and took the initiative with the first goal and also the third after Sergio Ramos had cancelled out Baba's opener. In the first half, it had looked like Madrid's more technical players held the key to breaking the Levante resolve, yet Ancelotti once again chose to take off the influential Isco and leave on the ineffectual Karim Benzema. To the Italian's credit, however, all three of his substitutions worked out as Morata netted the equaliser, fellow youngster Jese (who did replace the French forward late on) helped set up that goal and Marcelo changed the flow of the match with his penetrating attacks down the left flank. Still, there appeared to be no definite pattern to their game. Madrid, playing against a back line defending deep, needed to generate the play - and they are still struggling to do so. The sheer intensity of the home side caught the visitors off guard, too, and on this evidence, Xabi Alonso cannot return fast enough to add both solidity and creativity to a Madrid midfield which is currently lacking in both departments. And as so often before, Ronaldo was the hero. The Portuguese now has 12 goals from Madrid's opening 10 games in all competitions (matching his best season start, last term, although that included four penalties instead of two) and 50 strikes for club and country in 2013. But it was the result that mattered most for his side as it kept Madrid within five points of Barca (still with a perfect record in the Primera Division) with eight rounds of La Liga completed and ahead of the Clasico clash at Camp Nou later in October. That trip to the Catalan capital will be the greatest test of Madrid's title credentials but, given their continued struggles away from home, Ancelotti's side currently look nowhere near ready to face it.
It was as you were in matchday two of this competition, with Atletico Madrid impressing again, while Greenpeace protestors left Uefa with an awkward moment Juventus' ineptitude strikes again, another Real Madrid forward fires a shot across the bows of Gareth Bale and Atletico Madrid rumble on. Some things haven't changed from matchday one in the Champions League. Galatasaray ensure that the Italian champions must now take at least four points from a relentless Real Madrid, who could count on Angel Di Maria to deliver a match-winning performance against Copenhagen. Meanwhile, slick neighbours Atletico remain perfect in their group following a well-planned 2-1 win over Porto. Arsenal lead the English charge after their hugely impressive win, courtesy of the brilliant Mesut Ozil, against Napoli guaranteed six points from six. Chelsea are back on track after winning at a Steaua Bucharest side sorely lacking Vlad Chiriches. Manchester City's humbling at the hands of Bayern was one for the ages while United did well to hold Shakhtar, ultimately, to a draw. There was no shortage of controversy either. Mario Balotelli's rescue act for AC Milan was prompted by the dubious award of a last-minute penalty against Ajax and Zenit were furious to see Axel Witsel sent off for a seemingly legitimate challenge in the damaging 0-0 draw with Austria Vienna. Here are this week's talking points: Brown in the wrong, again, not Neymar Why should Neymar have to put up with criticism from the Celtic manager, Neil Lennon, and his Scotland counterpart Gordon Strachan after being attacked by Scott Brown on Tuesday night? Lennon told the press in the wake of Barcelona's 1-0 win at Parkhead that the game turned on Brown's red card and referred to Neymar's reputation as a diver as the main reason behind it. Well, there is one simple way to put a stop to all such conjecture: don't kick Neymar in the back. Scott Brown stupidly abdicated his captain's duties, nudging the Brazilian with his foot like a brat, leaving his side to play for half an hour against one of the best teams in the world. What ensued, inevitably, was a Barcelona victory. This season in the Champions League Brown had already stamped on a Shakhter Karagandy player and elbowed Mario Balotelli off the ball in the defeat to Milan, instigating a goal. Why is Celtic's captain behaving so thuggishly, seemingly intent on inflicting damage to his own team? And why is his manager excusing his behaviour, passing the blame to the victim? Even Brown's apology for the Barcelona dismissal was couched in the language of a man failing to grasp the consequence of his actions. In between "I made a mistake" and "I put my team-mates in a difficult position" were phrases like "in the heat of the moment", "I think it was a harsh decision" and "there wasn't a huge amount of contact." Things are hard enough for Celtic in a group containing Barcelona, Milan and Ajax. They do not need the indiscipline of Brown compromising their chances any further. His suspension should be welcomed by the players he can no longer endanger, on both sides. Uefa's relationship with Gazprom put under scrutiny On September 18, Greenpeace activists scaled Gazprom's Prirazlomnaya platform in protest against oil drilling in the Arctic. An AP investigation concluded that at least 5 million tonnes of Russian oil is lost to spillage every year. Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund published a report last month which warned of potential environmental catastrophe in the region in the event of a spill. In response to the scaling of the platform the Russian coastguard seized the Arctic Sunrise ship and towed it to the Murmansk, around 1000 kilometres away, and placed 30 protesters on board under arrest. Russian authorities plan to charge the Greenpeace activists with piracy which carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. There has been worldwide outrage over the detentions and the issue reached the world of football in dramatic circumstances on Tuesday. During the Basel - Schalke match at St Jakob Park, abseilers unveiled a banner carrying the slogan DON'T FOUL THE ARCTIC and calling for the immediate release of the 30 activists. It also, crucially, mentioned by name Gazprom, which is an official Champions League sponsor having signed a deal with Uefa in 2012 for a duration of three seasons. The sums involved were not disclosed but, given the company's 2012 revenue was $152 billion, it was not insignificant. Gazprom, while owning Zenit St Petersburg, also sponsors Schalke as well as Red Star Belgrade and Chelsea. It has become a major player in European football. With Fifa's relationship with the state of Qatar currently under the spotlight and drawing heavy criticism the focus now comes onto Michel Platini's organisation. Not that you would know it. This week no official Uefa highlights package or match report carried news of the protest in Switzerland. Blackout. But those inside the stadium and watching on television know what they saw. It was a moment of acute embarrassment for Uefa and Gazprom and placed under scrutiny the organisation's relationship with an entity seen as unethical and dangerous. Bundesliga clubs can enjoy German Unity Day Representative teams from the Bundesliga can kick back, relax and enjoy a well-deserved day off on German Unity Day today. For the first time in history four competing clubs from Germany won on the same matchday in the Champions League. Borussia Dortmund were back in the groove on Tuesday night with Marco Reus and Robert Lewandowski looking sharp. Schalke, again thanks to their precocious and brilliant playmaker Julian Draxler, achieved victory over a hard-working Basel while on Wednesday Jens Hegeler's stupendous last-minute free-kick earned Bayer Leverkusen the three points at the expense of Real Sociedad. At the vanguard, as usual, were Bayern Munich. If you caught minutes 80-90 without looking at the scoreboard you might have thought City were in with a chance. Bayern, down to 10 men with young substitutes on, tired as their relentless 80-minute press took its toll. What preceded that was the finest spell of football played in Europe this season. It was close to perfection. Happily for the competitiveness of the Bundesliga, Bayern are not, yet, top of the league. That honour goes to Dortmund while Leverkusen are not far behind. With Milan and Juventus drawing and Napoli losing there is only one direction this co-efficient battle is going. German football is in rude health. Cherish record-breaker Giggs while he's still playing "A great source of pride," is how Ryan Giggs described becoming the player with the most appearances in the Champions League. He took his total to 145 in Manchester United's 1-1 draw away at Shakhtar Donetsk. In the match against the Ukrainians he edged past Raul in the all-time ranking. Well, Giggsy, it has been a great source of happiness watching you play football for the past 23 years. Robson, Cantona, Keane, Beckham, Scholes and Sir Alex Ferguson himself have been and gone since Giggs made his debut and now alone he stands as a last link to United's glorious heritage. Here is a player who remains in prime physical condition a month short of his 40th birthday and who has been a model of consistency and professionalism throughout his distinguished career. Despite stacking up the honours year after year his appetite remains undiminished and his willingness to teach younger players shines brightly. The Welshman is living football history and his presence should be cherished where ever he plays between now and his retirement. He's played close to 950 club matches in United's colours. Here's to 1,000. Hot-shot Mitroglou gives Olympiacos hope PSG's destruction of Benfica, inspired by the brilliant Zlatan Ibrahimovic, moved the French champions to six points and seemingly out of sight with two games against Anderlecht to come but it will also have been hailed in Piraeus by Olympiacos. The Greek champions were comprehensively outplayed by the Parisians on matchday one but put themselves in with a fighting chance of progress with a 3-0 smash-and-grab win over the Belgians away from home. The main source of their win was Kostas Mitroglou, the Greece international forward. He scored a hat-trick on the night, the pick of which was his third goal. Late in the game, he caressed the top of the ball with the underside of his left-foot and drove expertly a shot into the top corner with his right. It was the goal of a man in form. Amazingly, it was Mitrogolou's third hat-trick of the season for Olympiacos having already rattled in two for the Super League leaders against Levadiakos and Xanthi. Deprived of the talents of Djamel Abdoun this season, Olympiacos will look to Mitroglou as well as impressive new pair Vladimir Weiss and Javier Saviola for Champions League progression. The games against Benfica are now vital.
The Football Museum is a thematic museum, located in the Stadium Municipal Paulo Machado de Carvalho. The museum features many interactive audiovisual resources. Pictures of great players such as Pele, Zico and Ronaldo are projected on large screens, and narrated displays introduce important stories in the history of the sport. Club histories are also represented with flags, banners, posters, and other supporter memorabilia. For young people who like technology, a “virtual field” allows visitors to kick an imaginary ball into a 3D goal. There's not enough space available to describe all of incredible content on display at the Football Museum. The best way to discover everything it has to offer is to go yourself. It's a must-see for anyone visiting Sao Paulo. #onestadium #inside_brazil #football
David Moyes has again insisted that he is the right man to lead Manchester United after the club suffered their worst start to a season in 24 years. The champions have lost three of their opening six Premier League games under the Scot and currently lie 12th in the standings with a return of just seven points. But Moyes, who succeeded Sir Alex Ferguson's 26-and-a-half year reign in June, has confidence in his abilities and those of the United squad as he looks to climb at the table. "I'm sure United know they picked the right man for the job and Sir Alex was part of that process as well," he told reporters on Friday. "They're really good players. They know the standards they've set over the years - together we'll work to get it right. "It's a long season. We'll hang in there and get ourselves as close to the top as soon as we can." United's next test is the trip to the Stadum of Light to face managerless Sunderland. Kevin Ball is taking charge of the Black Cats on a temporary basis and Moyes has warned his squad not to underestimate the struggling side. "It's an important game," he noted. "We want to try and win it so we'll pick a team which we think can get a result. "Kevin is very experienced. They look like they played quite well in the last two games." Wayne Rooney is expected to be fit to face Sunderland on Saturday but Moyes admits that he is unsure of the latest on the striker's shin injury, adding: "I've not seen Wayne this morning so I couldn't give you an update yet."
