Sony Sony launches Galaxy Grand rival Xperia C at Rs 21,490 Sony India has launched its Xperia C phablet in India, bringing yet another rival of the popular Samsung Galaxy Grand in the market. This device has a 5-inch screen, Android 4.2, dual-sim functionali...
Sony Sony launches Galaxy Grand rival Xperia C at Rs 21,490 Sony India has launched its Xperia C phablet in India, bringing yet another rival of the popular Samsung Galaxy Grand in the market. This device has a 5-inch screen, Android 4.2, dual-sim functionali...
Sony Sony launches Galaxy Grand rival Xperia C at Rs 21,490 Sony India has launched its Xperia C phablet in India, bringing yet another rival of the popular Samsung Galaxy Grand in the market. This device has a 5-inch screen, Android 4.2, dual-sim functionali...
Acer C720 Chromebook Acer C720 Chromebook Available In India Now The much-awaited Haswell-based Acer C720 Chromebook, which was launched last week by Acer, is now available exclusively at select Croma and Reliance Digital outlets in Mumbai and Delhi. This would also be avail...
Angry Birds Angry Birds Playground Coming To India – Learning Will Be Fun And Creative! In just a couple years from now, your kid could be taking his first steps towards life and education in an Angry Birds school. Finnish game-app developer Rovio Entertainment has ...
** Tata Sky launches TV on mobile for subscribers Company will charge Rs 60 per month from its existing customers, who can initially watch over 50 channels on their mobile phones DTH (direct to home) company Tata Sky on Wednesday announced the launch of Everyw...
Xolo Xolo launches Play Tab 7.0 at Rs 12,999 Smartphone maker Xolo has expanded its tablet portfolio with the launch of Xolo Play Tab 7.0 – the first of its Tegra series of tablets. The Play Tab 7.0 is powered by an NVIDIA Tegra mobile processor, which sports ...
tiny remote Indian techies develop tiny remote for smartphones Indian technologists have developed a Bluetooth-enabled device that can serve as a Swiss army knife for smartphones. Gecko, which is about the size of a quarter, can be programed to perform a host of fun...
YouTube Google in talks with DTH cable providers to bring YouTube to TV screens Google is making a big push to boost YouTube usage in India and is in talks with direct-to-home cable providers to bring the service to televisions screens, its global director of p...
Apple Inc's iPhone Apple Inc's iPhone 6 to have 4.8-inch retina display iPhone lovers who always wished to have a much bigger screen might have their dreams come alive when Apple Inc. launches its most awaited 1Phone 6 as forecasted by Jefferies analyst Peter Misek. Soon af...
curved screen phones LG announces curved screen phones to launch in 2014 LG has announced it is to start mass-production of what it calls the "world's first flexible OLED [organic light-emitting diode] panel for smartphones". The South Korean firm said it hoped to start se...
smartwatches Samsung's new Galaxy Gear ad shows historic use of smartwatches by sci-fi heroes In a bid to promote its latest smart watch Galaxy Gear, Samsung has reportedly taken to sci-fi heroes being the pioneer users of smartwatches in its new ad. Samsung’s new ad ...
** Samsung Galaxy Round smartphone with a curved display may be launched this week Samsung said last month it would introduce a smartphone with a curved display in October as the world's top handset maker seeks to set the pace of hardware innovation amid slo...
Google announces Android KitKat contest Google announces Android KitKat contest; winners to get Nexus 7 Google has started an Android KitKat contest in India under which it is a...
** Samsung to launch smartphones priced between Rs 5,000-Rs 15,000 Samsung will launch two smartphones in India this month for less th...
IRCTC App for Windows Devices IRCTC App for Windows Devices Launched For Making Railways Reservation Easer in India In July, IRCTC made possible to book railw...
Nokia music web store shuts shop Nokia music web store shuts shop in India, available on phones though Nokia’s web and desktop music store that served as...
** Apple iPhone 5S &amp; iPhone 5C: India price and features Apple launched the iPhone 5S &amp; the iPhone 5C amidst huge hype and br...
