VentureBeat Sony's next smartphones could charge in just an hour — wirelessly
VentureBeat Sony's next smartphones could charge in just an hour — wirelessly
Best of luck to everyone running #ChicagoMarathon & to those taking part in the BIG weekend of exciting #marathon racing & running!
Canadian TV show ReBoot to be rebooted: A Vancouver-based production company is resurrecting ReBoot, the iconic CGI-animated television series popular among those who grew up in the 90's. Are you excited about the reboot of ReBoot? Are there any shows from your childhood you'd like to see resurrected?
One of the best photospheres I've taken. A view from Inis Oírr (one of the Aran Islands).
Started the day by running 3 consecutive sub-8 minute miles. Really trying to kick it in to gear before the Toronto Waterfront Marathon on October 20th. Running my third half marathon and I'm hoping to break the 1:45 mark (a 5 min improvement over my time this spring).
Galapagos green turtles are a highly migratory species and spend much of their time cruising the warm waters of the Pacific Ocean. Fin, noggin’, duuude! Cruise the currents of the Galapagos Islands on #StreetView :
First shot of the day.
An unusually colorful Lake Ontario, as seen from the International Space Station last week.
How to create a mess with leftover ice cream sticks
I'm glad they're back on the air.
Cats and Physics - geeks everywhere explode in joy. Slow Motion Flipping Cat Physics | Smarter Every Day 58
Some great innovation by the third party development community. I would love to try this out using the TFS task board.
Taking selfies is an animal instinct
It's like vegetables and dip, but with tears instead of ranch dressing.
Never lose your keys again with HTC Fetch : HTC Fetch is a Bluetooth-enabled tag that connects to your smartphone and issues an alert when the object it’s attached to goes outside a 15 meters range. By + Bogdan Petrovan
My damaged rental vehicle...could have gone without this.
We took on ride on one of the TTC's new-model streetcars, and we brought back plenty of photos for you.
Looks very cool, nice hardware, great concept. Alright + Windows 8 , where's the surface phone with Windows 8.1 Pro?
Councilor Josh Matlow makes Ford look like a fool with some simple questions about the current Scarborough Rapid Transit line.
#EarthMyMother #ForFriends #photo
5 years ago I switched from aftershave to bug spray. No one even noticed.
Happy Birthday to #NikolaTesla , a man who continues to power the world's curiosity.
Awesome DOF I had a little bit of fun playing around with my camera, some old tiny dirty jars and the Auto Awesome animated GIF feature on + Google+ Photos . This animation shows the transition of a photograph from f/1.4 to f/22. Photographed with a Canon 60D and Canon 50mm f/1.4 lens. #autoawesome
"Consider the Wine Glass"
At Fenway watching the Jays and Red Sox, drinking Green Monster IPA. Good stuff.
This is the best morning television segment I have seen. I was not a fan of Russell Brand before watching this, but I may have just been converted.
It kind of looks like a reverse infinity pool.
