Sony's full-frame Alpha 7 and 7R Big sensor, small camera. It’s been the goal of nearly every camera manufacturer on the planet, but the closest we've gotten are fixed-lens cameras like the Sony RX-1 and entirely new inventions like the Micro Four Thirds sensor. Today, Sony’s announcing ...
Sony's full-frame Alpha 7 and 7R Big sensor, small camera. It’s been the goal of nearly every camera manufacturer on the planet, but the closest we've gotten are fixed-lens cameras like the Sony RX-1 and entirely new inventions like the Micro Four Thirds sensor. Today, Sony’s announcing ...
Mabul Escape, Borneo SABAH Mabul Escape with Hero3 from Hendrik Sulaiman on Vimeo . Backpackers on Mabul. Shot entirely with GoPro Hero3 Silver. Editing done with Premiere Pro and After Effect. This awesome trip were planned early this year when AirAsia going on BIG sale. We took tha...
{WEDDINGS FOR THE NEXT 14 months} This may be a good time to mention what will happen to wedding inquiries while i'm on the road for the Faith In America Project {IN SHORT} --They will be possible --But they will be limited in number --There is still a friend discount --But there is no Utah discount during this time. --I will fly from wherever I'm at to do the wedding then quickly return to life on the road. --Price stays roughly the same BACKGROUND I've always said I'd be traveling for up to 12 months even though I set aside sep2013 until Nov2014 for the project. Because unless I had hit an amount much higher than 70k on the kickstarter I would need to take off a couple of months to do weddings to help pay for part of the trip during the 14+ month period. {ONE A MONTH} Instead of taking off a couple months to do nothing but weddings I'd rather just do an average of one wedding a month , this means I can do more weddings WHILE spending more time on the road. {FRIENDS} Friends are one of the main reason I still want to do weddings during this time. I have friends that have planned on me doing their weddings for many years now and I just would feel so bad if it wasn't at least an option for them during my project. THIS PICTURE I took this on Monday with an amazing sunset! We were very lucky. It was lit with a speedlight.
There's more loving and kind to animals....
Hi, just join this community and this is my best shot of infrared
Jacques Cousteau Clouds The official name of this strange and creepy cloud formation is "undulatus asperatus" which roughly translated means: “very turbulent, violent and chaotic. Fore more check out:
I will explore and share the world WORLDWIDE #ifihadglass
Non-smoker lungs vs Smoker lungs (black). If you haven't quit yet there's still time! If you don't want to end up like the lungs below consider this alternative or any other but please quit. This is NOT an Ad for anything. Simply a wake up call. These are real lungs. Here's an action plan to quit smoking Picture by Fahren Mason Luce
Yotsugi, Central Circular Route 首都高中央環状線（東京・葛飾） When I went to take photos of Katsushika Harp Bridge during the New Year holidays, the battery for my D800 ran down only after I took two or three photos. So, I had to use the GH2 that I somehow had in my bag (This is one of the photos I took then: ). I was happy with the result but I wanted to shoot the bridge with my main camera. So I give it a shot again when Tokyo had a clear sky three weeks later. I shot a lot of similar shots of the "harp" part of the bridge, but I'll share its "belly" this time. It was very dark, but the camera managed to capture the riverbank and the expressway lit dimly by the moon in the sky. お正月にかつしかハープ橋を撮りに行った。そのとき、あろうことかメインのカメラのバッテリーが到着後すぐにきれてしまった。予備のバッテリーもなし。仕方なく、持っていたもう一台のカメラでその時は過ごした（結果には満足している。これがそのとき撮った写真 ）。 でも、やはりメインのカメラで撮りたくて、その三週間後の晴れた夜、また同じ場所を訪れて、今度は思う存分撮影することができた。橋のメインとなる「ハープ」の部分もたくさん撮ったけれど、ここでは僕の好きな高架の「腹」をシェアしてみる。肉眼では真っ暗で足元もよく見えないくらいだが、夜空の月が暗く照らした川の土手を、カメラはしっかりとらえてくれた。 #elevatedexpressways
Impressive artwork. At first glance, it looks like a picture but it's actually drawn by 'Arcipello' found at Deviantart.com Looks heavenly.
A super video showing the scale of space (yep, I know I love these videos). Give it a watch. #MindBlown
“The only thing we’ll never do is make a crappy product” - Tim Cook, Apple CEO
Connection From my winter storm series I shot in Utah few weeks ago. At last going back to it to publish more images. Click on the image, then press Space bar to fully appreciate it Also my submission to #minimalmonday theme curated by + Olivier Du Tré .
Little Planets That Span the 4 Seasons Each of these little planets, which are all originally rendered from photos, are pretty impressive. Copyright goes to Catherine Nelson. For those that do not know, a "little planet" is a 360 degree panorama that had the ends attached. To see more.....
Nokia HumanForm: here’s somefin that’ll amaze you More at + Interesting Engineering www.welldonestuff.com
