Champagne Bar in the Sony Center | Berlin, Germany The Champagne Bar was set up last February for the Berlin International Film Festival in the Sony Center at the Potsdamer Platz in Berlin. I never made it before to the Berlinale Festival, but this time I just decided to go for a walk after work to see if they had some good ideas to decorate the city. Well, they did. When I saw the bar in the Sony Center, a perfect reflection in the dried fountain – I guess I can say it was worth it. Fortunately I didn’t finish work too late so the crowds weren’t there yet, as they usually come around 8-9 pm. When I was there, the Sony Center at the Potsdamer Platz was relatively empty. In general I can highly recommend strolling through Berlin in the time of the festival. There are some special attractions which can pep up normal photos. There are many shots of the Sony Center, but the big cork adds a special touch to it. For more technical details check:
Verona Riverside | Italy Verona is such a beautiful Italian city. Founded more than 2500 years ago, Verona is a sleeping beauty, crowded with masses of tourists from all over the world. That’s why I enjoy the photos now even more, as they display Verona in a calm way, much calmer than the actual stay there has been. The church in the background is called San Giorgio in Braida and one of many in this old city. More information and camera settings as usual at: Auf Deutsch: #Verona #HDR #hdrphotography #italy #italyphotography #travelphotography
Deutscher Dom | Berlin, Germany Berlin’s Deutscher Dom (i.e. German Church, also called New Church) is part of the ensemble on the Gendarmenmarkt in the center of Berlin. And as every year it was time for the Festival of Lights in Berlin providing special illumination for all major sights. Festival of Lights means: Way to many photographers in Berlin and way too little possibilities to capture sights without people in front of it. It was just by chance that I went exactly one day, before start of the festival to the Gendarmenmarkt. I went there more because of my own stupidity, than anything else. I was thinking then that the festival had already started. Therefore I was surprised and disappointed. Positively surprised because of relatively few people around and disappointed by the illuminations. Nothing happened at the French Church, a strange video was illuminating the Konzerthaus and the Deutscher Dom was just slightly different illuminated than usual. This illumination on it was exactly what I liked in the Deutscher Dom plus the fact that no people were around. Everyone was trying to capture the video from the Konzerthaus but nobody was interested in the church. I had all the time in the world to set up and shoot, just a handful of people walking through my view. Read more about the post-processing and the camera settings at: Auf Deutsch: #Berlin #HDR #festivaloflights #hdrphotography
Time Travel | Berlin, Germany The World Time Clock on Alexanderplatz in Berlin is for me one of the most beautiful remains of the former GDR. It symbolizes how close the places on the world are. And if you take a long enough exposure, you get a feeling that it’s possible to travel a bit through time and space. More information on the photo: Auf Deutsch:
The Festival of Lights is somehow disappointing this year So little illuminated buildings, so many lasers... but I hope that I could get at least a few promising shots. #FoL #Festivaloflights #Berlin #Germany #inbetween
The rising sun peeks over the hill behind me to light up the ever iconic Sugar Loaf Rock in the South West of Western Australia.. I took this image a few years ago, I've got a bit of a unique shot planned for this location when the conditions are right.
St Sebastian in Gesundbrunnen | Berlin, Germany St Sebastian (also called Sebastianskirche) in the Berlin district Gesundbrunnen was constructed in the end of 19th century. It has been more or less random that we passed it but the #church was a perfect objective to try out my newest toy. Especially during travelling I often have a lot of time during the day to shoot. However, the light during midday is often boring and so I decided to get a grey filter to spice things up a bit. With the #ND1000 from Haida I now have the possibility to increase the exposure time by the factor 1000. Instead of 1/30s the exposure time with the filter would be 34 seconds. The increased exposure time allows for the effect that you can notice on the sky. While St Sebastian serves as a calm centre in the photo, the clouds add a dynamic layer to it. Read more about the processing and shot details: Auf Deutsch: #Berlin #Germany #HDR #Photography #HDRPhoto
Urban Traffic at Rosenthaler Platz | Berlin, Germany As you might expect, the photo is a mix of planning and luck. While the scene in itself is pretty much as I planned it, the taxi in the photo is quite random. The Rosenthaler Platz in the centre of Berlin is a very busy traffic hub connecting 5 or 6 streets and some tram rails. First my plan was to enlighten the crossing with light trails, when suddenly the taxi had to stop for a full exposure (6 seconds). So I decided to build the photo around the taxi and then added trails from other exposures. Better resolution and more information: Auf Deutsch: #HDR #Photography #Germany #Berlin #bluehour #bluehourphotography #hdrphotography #hdrphotographers #hdrphoto
Slums in Berlin | Germany You expect a lot of things when visiting abandoned buildings in Berlin. Used needles, broken glass, old destroyed equipment and maybe you run into a homeless person. What I didn’t expect was that: A small slum starting to develop in the centre of Berlin. We visited an old ice factory that’s quite popular among photographers as it offers a good view on the skyline while giving a certain industrial touch. As expected, there was already a photo shooting going on up on the roof when we arrived. What we didn’t expect though, was an assembly of gypsies living there on all floors in their “houses”. Anyways, apart from the smell (well, an abandoned place doesn’t have toilets) this location is great. It’s a wonderful HDR playground as the light falls through different holes in the walls, and gives you a lot of pleasure in the processing. For the graffiti artists it’s a great playground too, giving us photographers beautiful objects to shoot. So let’s hope that in half a year we can still access that place. High resolution and more information on the processing: #HDR #Photography #Berlin #Abandoned
Oh yes + Annie Colarco , a real unique place in the middle of Berlin
As you may have heard, Berlin is an eternal construction site. Even better when something is finally declared open as it was with the new metro station Brandenburger Tor. Up to this point there are only 3 stations of the new metro line U55 opened, but at least no politician has to walk the 200m till the main station when the chauffeur is ill. As for the design of the new stations I was very positively surprised and am curious of the other stations that should be finished within the next ten years. To take photos, now is a great time. Almost no people are taking the metro and even if, it is only running every 12 minutes, so you have the station often all by yourself. To get a bit of dynamic in the photo, I had to activate the escalator a couple of times. It seems that the station is built so energy efficient, that the escalator is only running for a couple of seconds. If you're interested in how this shot is processed, here you find a before/after comparison:
Down to Sinaia | Carpathians, Romania The day trip to Sinaia in the #Carpathians in Romania was the first trip to the mountains for me in a very long time. Four days in Bucharest is a bit too long to just see the city. And who knows when I will be back in #Romania , so it seemed convenient to visit #Dracula ’s Neighborhood while I’m around. More precisely we went to the small town #Sinaia . Our Couchsurfing-Host in Bucharest was born there and could give us a couple of handy tips. Among other things, we got recommended the cable car for the way up to 1400m height. From below all that didn’t look so high, but in the old and a bit rundown gondola I suffered a bit from vertigo and we decided to go back down to the valley by foot. So we walked down under the howling of the wolves and next to “Beware of Bears” signs while crossing a couple of times the two cable cars that are connecting Sinaia to the ski resort. For more technical details check:
The new Autumn | Oder River, Germany We've just been on the way to cross the Oder River as we noticed this group of trees. Fortunately we found a small lay-by and were able to pull over to capture the scene. What do you think when the photo was taken? I was so focused on the reflections in the water that I actually didn't realize it until the post-production. The picture was taken beginning of April! In the northern hemisphere that is obviously spring and not autumn. But hey, I’m not unhappy about the added colors by the leaves. They create a pleasant, autumnal mood on the Oder riverbanks. The river Oder accompanied me for quite some time by now. More than four years I've studied in Frankfurt (Oder) and crossed the #Oder River countless times when crossing the German-Polish border. Also when I visited my girlfriend we've often been at the Oder River, as the river also passes through Wroclaw were she used to study. Now I was offered to make a series of postcards for an art project called “Nowa Amerika”. Obviously it didn't take much to convince me to do that. Task has been to develop a comprehensive display of Nowa Amerika in ten postcards. Nowa Amerika is a fictional country which territory runs along the rivers Oder and Neisse. It covers both Polish and German territory which in the beginning resulted in a lot of hassle with the more conservative citizens. All started with the capital Słubfurt, created out of the two towns Frankfurt on the Oder (Germany) and Słubice (Poland). In cooperation with the European University #Viadrina , were I did my studies, the project continued to grow. From flag via anthem, cooking books, Olympic Games, city walls through to an own parliament, Nowa Amerika was developed further from year to year. If you want to get to know more about this interesting art project, I recommend you to visit those websites: www.nowa-amerika.net www.slubfurt.net For technical details check:
Cannon in Tegel | Berlin, Germany It has been a long and dark winter this year in Berlin. I can remember how they announced in the radio that it was the winter with the least hours of sunshine since they started tracking the weather. When in the end of January, the sun was showing itself for the first time, you can guess what happened. I grabbed my cam, my tripod and just went out. And as I am lucky to live close to the water: Out to Lake #Tegel . What can I say, the scene was perfect. The water was still a bit frozen, a couple of clouds in the sky and a beautiful red-orange #sunset . It seemed as if every photographer around had the same idea. I’ve never seen that many photographers around the lake before, but I guess everyone was just waiting to shoot with the sunlight again. The cannon by the way is a present of the London District Greenwich. #Reinickendorf , the Berlin district in which the lake is located, is twinned with Greenwich. Therefore also the whole promenade is called “Greenwich-Promenade”. For more technical details check:
Off the Tourist Tracks in #Prague Have you ever been to Prague? Or better: Have you have been to Prague for a longer period of time? A lot of things off the usual tourist tracks you won’t notice on your first trip. Well, I was lucky to study already for a couple of months in Prague. So when we went back to the town on the Vltava to visit some friends, it was absolutely not about to see the sights of Prague for the umpteenth time. Instead we walked off the tourist tracks and discovered this beautiful alley. The alley is located close to the Prague Castle, but that hidden that you probably will only meet locals. Actually we were just on the way to some hill to use the golden hour to shoot some photos on which Prague would be able to justify its name “Golden City”. As you can see, the golden hour had already begun – the timing for this shot couldn’t have been better. For more technical details check:
Champagne Bar in the Sony Center | Berlin, Germany The Champagne Bar was set up last February for the Berlin International Film Festival in the Sony Center at the Potsdamer Platz in Berlin. I never made it before to the Berlinale Festival, but this time I just decided to go for a walk after work to see if they had some good ideas to decorate the city. Well, they did. When I saw the bar in the Sony Center, a perfect reflection in the dried fountain – I guess I can say it was worth it. Fortunately I didn’t finish work too late so the crowds weren’t there yet, as they usually come around 8-9 pm. When I was there, the Sony Center at the Potsdamer Platz was relatively empty. In general I can highly recommend strolling through Berlin in the time of the festival. There are some special attractions which can pep up normal photos. There are many shots of the Sony Center, but the big cork adds a special touch to it. For more technical details check:
