Announced today by Sony. Looks like Sony is again releasing something very spectacular. What do you think ?
Second image from the session we did for Bram van Dijk
If you missed the live broadcast of my photography talk "A Walk in Rome" here's the free rebroadcast. We covered all sorts of stuff from camera techniques to Lightroom and Photoshop techniques, and the feedback has been fantastic. Hope you get check it out (right below). Cheers.
First image we are allowed to share from Dutch singer/songwriter Bram van Dijk. It's from a whole series we shot for his new single.
Photoshoot with Dutch singer Bram van Dijk for his rocking new single which will be released in November.
End of an era (with some sadness), but the start of something beautiful. Huge changes much earlier then expected.
In short. Our studio will get a huge change. New offices, lounge area and expo and the shooting floor will be bigger (due to offices moving out). In total the studio will be twice as big. Exciting times.
We rented part of our building to the new owners of our computer shop, today they let us know that they will stop their activities in the shop, so that is the sadness part (its still a bit our baby although it's not ours anymore). The good part is that starting November our whole building is ours again and we will remodel everything to fit the studio.
Some images shot during the workshop this weekend with Suzanna. Experimenting a bit with different vintage looks.
Andres we are in NY for a workshop end of April 2014 we will announce this next week, mail me for more info at info@frankdoorhof.com
Announced today by Sony. Looks like Sony is again releasing something very spectacular. What do you think ?
I think the lenses will be in high demand, this looks like a camera that will fit almost every lens out there with a convertor. I can't wait to test my Leica R lenses on it, and of course all the A lenses. the 36mp looks awesome for my work.
I don't really mind the look I love vintage and modern, we will see. It eats batteries due to the EVF, same with the A99, they are power-hungry, but with the grip no problem.
Some images from the demo day at Flexwork Assen from last week.
De nieuwe workshop agenda staat online op Schrijf je vandaag (14 oktober) in en ontvang dan maar liefst 15% korting en een download naar keuze gratis. Schrijf je voor het eind van de week in geldt een 15% korting met code Q7
Just a question (don't look for a hidden message ;)) What pc would someone advise for video/photo editing, with the long waits for the MacPro and still not a known price we are just looking at alternatives. Probably we will just get the new MacPro but it will highly depend on price.
thanks guys. As mentioned I will first wait for the pricing of the new MacPro and decide then what to do. For the moment our MacPro is still running great but we sometimes do want a bit more speed on that station.
For business I just don't think a Hackintosh will be something that I trust to be honest. I need it to work always. And with the Hackintosch I'm still afraid that for example there will be a problem with for example thunderbolt or USB3 etc.
I added a lot of new information on my blog post why I switched from a MacBookPro to a Sony DUO13 with Windows 8. And it didn't look good for Sony for a while the last few days, so read all about it.
First ride with the Cube. It's fast ;). Shame from the rain ;(
Keep me updated. Think you're gonna love them.
I have an helmet but never really wear it. Yeah I know I should.
Very important to have your eyes checked the right way if you have to trust on perfect vision. Check out our friends at https://www.facebook.com/FerVriesmanOpticiens (Dutch) and keep an eye out for the coming weeks. (Like their page) Some interesting stuff coming there I think ;)
switching from macbook pro to windows 8 Sony DUO13 maybe interesting for people shooting tethered a lot, and travelling
blog post with images on the workshops from this weekend in Eersel.
Today at www.frankdoorhof.com a blog post about modelphotography tips. feel free to comment and share the post if you like it.
Some images from tonights demos at CameraNU.nl All shot during the demo, so don't Judge as portfolio material but just fun shots
Back from the cameraNU.nl event. Wow that was awesome. Sold out and standing places. Thanks Urk, and Marie
A few weeks ago we did a Photoshoot for Lorenzo. After the session they shot this : Enjoy
The final images from the Studio76 workshops in Eersel. Model : Manon
Just heard that the workshop on October 20th in Belgium (Servix) is sold out, but there are still a limited amount of seats available for the demo on the 19th. Surf to for registration. Hope to see you in Belgium.
Tomorrow seminar in Enschede. Travel and street to model photography. Just rewrote a large part of it, gonna be interesting.
Have to wait a little while. But I believe I just upgraded my bike from Scott to the Cube reaction.
I'm not jumping with the bike I ride 80% normal roads and 20% "semi off road" The seat is VERY personal, the seats that are standard on the bikes I actually never like so I use a softer version and a bit wider. Go to a good dealer they will measure you and give you the right advise.
I wrote this blogpost as a tips section for people that struggle with shooting landmarks/monuments in an unique way. Maybe it also helps you.
I love places like China Town, in this blog post a view at China Town in SF.
Today at www.frankdoorhof.com a blogpost about my "switch" from Apple to Windows.... well ok only for one device, but I think it's an interesting read.
I've done that 5-6 years ago and we are still 99% apple, this is the first non apple device in our workflow. We will see how it goes, as soon as apple releases something similar I will switch back
Just received the new Help portrait animation we're gonna use for people that can't read or understand the Original text. All I can say is wow.
Jared it's a video for people who don't read/write the language. We are running it this year on a large centre for refugees and they don't speak Dutch or English so to make them understand this video was created. It's a video that should always be seen together with the project leaders or translators, but it fills in the blanks so to say
John, We are just as active as every year, we have had several national meetings, and another one soon. If you're in the Netherlands check out the help portrait page www.help-portret.nl or if your somewhere else check out www.help-portrait.com
OK I got some mails from people who missed out on our 50% discount on instructional video downloads which expired Friday. Because I don't want people to miss out I've decided to open up the coupon "book" just for today, the code will go offline for good tomorrow morning so if you want to use it please do it before that time. The code only works via this link and is valid for all instructional downloads.
Some of my favorite images from day 2 from the Eersel workshops at Studio76. Model : Manon
Some of my favorite shots from the Studio76 workshops this weekend in Eersel. It was a huge success, we have already planned new dates
A small tip for starting shooters: I get a lot of questions about finding models so let's give a bit of attention to this topic. 1. Friends and Family. Believe it or not but these are often the best choice if you want to start. 2. Websites. There are many websites offering models browse through them and find one you like and mail/PM them. 3. On the street. If you see someone you think could model just slip them a card and do a QUICK explanation of what you do, don't take too much time. I found out that quick works much better, just before that moment that the "model" would feel like her personal time is consumed by you. Now what is a model? 1. The pretty girl YES/NO Could be, but I found out that 90% of the "pretty" girls are great for beauty but often not the kind of model I'm looking for in the long run. In most cases they want to be pretty on the picture and let's be honest in most images you want to go for a bit more than JUST pretty. 2. The girl with something special YES They are less hard to find than you think, look for unique things, big eyes, nice facial lines, extreme clothing etc. actually the world is full of them, but can they model.... well sometimes they rock and sometimes it's just great for 1-2 sessions, but at least you have something that is unique. DO's and DON'T's If you book a model and you have a fixed date do remember that some/most models have a tendency of not showing up (it's reality) you can solve this by asking them to deposit 25.00 before the shoot and they will get it back when they show up, you can also say they get 30.00 back if they show up. This way the success rate of models showing up will go up considerably. On the day of the shoot don't just jump in, first make the model feel at ease, give her/him something to drink, talk about the shoot, the portfolio etc. and slowly start working. Keep the time of the shoot down, there are shooters doing sessions of 5-6-7 hours.... pfff that's way too much, prepare and keep it down to 2-3 hours max (add a little bit of time for makeup if necessary). Don't aim for 30 good images per shoot, if you aim for that you will probably get mediocre images, just aim for 2-3 images per set and 1 killer shot, this way if you do 3-4 sets you will end up with 8-12 images and that's great. Don't spray and pray, just think about your shots, but don't slow down too much or the model will become uncertain. This will bring the hit/miss ratio up A LOT and will get you better shots. In the end NO CD's are given, you/the photographer choose the images and retouch them, if the model wants more... well make sure you state in your contract that you make the selection, it's your work if you deliver something that is not good you will be held accountable by the viewers.You can always ask the model for her favorite shots but make sure that at that time all the bad ones are already gone. CONTRACTS Make sure you have a contract, this can be very simple but it's vital. Mention stuff like : * no retouching/cropping of the images * no use on erotic sites * no commercial use without permission * By use online always use the versions with watermark or mention site of the photographer/team. I hope these little pointers help you out a bit. Any questions, feel free to ask. For more modelphotography tips look out for my new book coming out soon named "Mastering the model shoot" or check out our videos at (Use coupon WORKSHOP66 for a cool 20% discount)
Just be yourself + Bernd Markgraf I've actually never had a bad experience so don't worry, do be prepared that maybe 1 out of every 10 models will actually mail you back, that's about it.
First results from this weekends workshops in Eersel at Studio76. model and styling + MC Nadine stephan
Our friends at Topaz have another great discount coupon. This time it’s for Topaz ReMask. Topaz ReMask will be 50% off ($34.99) from October 9th through October 31st with this promo code: octremask Use our link : and also support our work. Product info: ReMask tutorial: Masking Made Easy with Topaz ReMask
The 50% discount on our videos was a huge success, because some people missed it we will extend the discount action till Sunday morning. Surf to and use coupon "book" ;)
thanks and enjoy
De plaatsen voor de CameraNU.nl avond workshop/seminar gaan erg snel, dus wees snel als je hier op 10 Oktober ook bij wil zijn. Steekwoorden, modelfotografie, auto, rook, licht, educatie/entertainment Inschrijven is gratis en kan via
I think the lenses will be in high demand, this looks like a camera that will fit almost every lens out there with a convertor. I can't wait to test my Leica R lenses on it, and of course all the A lenses. the 36mp looks awesome for my work.
I don't really mind the look I love vintage and modern, we will see. It eats batteries due to the EVF, same with the A99, they are power-hungry, but with the grip no problem.
