New Sony A7R Full-Frame mirrorless takes computational photography to a new level! I got a sneak preview of the whole new Sony camera system. Here’s what you need to know. I’m not gonna take eight paragraphs to tell you the basics. You’re smart; here are the key factors about the new Sony A7R: Full-Frame, 36 Megapixels, Weather-sealed, Crazy autofocus tricks, Much improved noise-reduction, Built-in WIFI and NFC, Improved-everything-else. Am I switching? Yes! Absolutely! I consider this a major upgrade from my NEX-7. Read my full write-up over on my blog:
It's Friday! Are you ready for a night out on the town? #BurningMan
Church of the Good Shepherd
I was really impressed with the quality of the photo in low light.
This is Milford Sound, NZ but I think it's really a Fjord but what the heck do I know?
Sunset at Bendemeer Estates. We'll be returning there again for the NZ Photo Adventure workshop.
New Sony A7R Full-Frame mirrorless takes computational photography to a new level! I got a sneak preview of the whole new Sony camera system. Here’s what you need to know. I’m not gonna take eight paragraphs to tell you the basics. You’re smart; here are the key factors about the new Sony A7R: Full-Frame, 36 Megapixels, Weather-sealed, Crazy autofocus tricks, Much improved noise-reduction, Built-in WIFI and NFC, Improved-everything-else. Am I switching? Yes! Absolutely! I consider this a major upgrade from my NEX-7. Read my full write-up over on my blog:
A year ago yesterday, Felix Baumgartner rode in a balloon up to a height of almost 128,000 feet and jumped out. Red Bull finally released the full-length footage of the jump from Baumgartner's point-of-view. Red Bull Stratos FULL POV - Multi-Angle + Mission Data
The South Island of New Zealand
T-9 Days... This is the road to Mt. Cook
The countdown begins... in 10 days I'm headed back to New Zealand. In addition to running a photography workshop, this time we're bringing some more members of the Stuck in Customs team. It's going to be fun to share these amazing places with them. This is Jack's Point on Lake Wakatipu, Queenstown, New Zealand.
We're headed to Las Vegas over the Thanksgiving holiday. Does anyone have hotel recommendations or tips to save money on the hotel?
Introducing the Apple iPhone 5 DS jast mäk shure ju buy zhat shit
Just saw Gravity in IMAX 3D. I'd give it two thumbs up but "up" is not a direction in space. (Be sure and stay for the blooper reel.)
Careful out there photogs, it's a dangerous business! Ultimate Cameraman Fails Compilation 2013 || Uniformedia
Great interview (contains spoilers) Breaking Bad Extras: Silent But Deadly The Brothers Moncada [HD]
A robot emerges from the playa #BurningMan
Here's my wife Melissa a few hours before they burned the Man to the ground. And here's the same scene auto-awesomized #BurningMan
THE CHAT with Karen Hutton: and + Kalebra Kelby !! On my blog: What a FANTASTIC time I had chatting with the fabulous Kalebra. She is wise, funny, thoughtful, multi-talented, successful in life and in business and gorgeous, inside and out. She's lived her entire life as an artist - and has been successful at it by any measure. I wanted to Chat with her about that, since one of the reasons I initially wanted to do this show is to talk to folks who have found a way to create business and life in marvelously artful and unconventional ways. Kalebra and her husband + Scott Kelby have certainly done that - and brilliantly! I wanted to know how it all happened - and how she thinks about and approaches it all. Let's face it - we could've chatted for hours! But in a short time, we covered alot - and you might be surprised by some of her answers. I'm so thrilled to share the one and only Kalebra Kelby! #thechatwithkarenhutton #thechat #kalebrakelby
Really good article on the behind the scenes build up to the iPhone. A few observations... - Steve Jobs was an unparalleled visionary, leader and ass - There's a reason so few people/companies have changed the world or even succeeded at all. Because it takes a LOT of work and a LOT of risk - For all the dreamers and developers who want to emulate Apple's quality and success... Deadlines are a good. Committees are bad.
+ Melissa Simmons shortly before the Man burns #BurningMan
This is Michael Michael, aka M2, aka Danger Ranger. He's one of the original burners. The Burning Man website lists his official title as Ambassador, Director of Genetic Programming. I included about 10 or so extra photos in my Burning Man album that I haven't published anywhere else. Check them out if you have time. #BurningMan
I keep hoping that point-counter-point interviews on news stations would go out of style. If I see two or more talking at the same time I immediately change the channel. It's just noise. The only exception is SNL. Jane you ignorant slut
Asleep at the Library This may well be me in another 20 years. #throughglass
I love this woman!
This Fire Breathing art car would've been handy in traffic today!
That's my wife Melissa as the dust cloud consumes her. The disco ball behind her is made of old toothbrushes. #BurningMan
