Making the switch to Xperia? Check out the latest updates from Xperia Transfer – making moving your contacts, messages and music even easier. With features like app matching offering Google play versions or equivalents, your content will be transferred in just a few clicks.
Making the switch to Xperia? Check out the latest updates from Xperia Transfer – making moving your contacts, messages and music even easier. With features like app matching offering Google play versions or equivalents, your content will be transferred in just a few clicks.
Featuring the latest BRAVIA technology optimised for mobile, Xperia Z1 gives you the best viewing experience possible.
Listen, socialise or zoom right in on the action with the wide range of accessories for Xperia Z1.
See everything as it was meant to be on the 5-inch TRILUMINOS™ Display of Xperia Z1.
From a friend outside to a superhero flying by, use Timeshift burst to capture 61 frames in two seconds – never miss that moment again
Pair Xperia Z Ultra with wireless headphones, Bluetooth headset or wireless speaker to get the best of Sony sound with one-touch listening.
BRAVIA, WALKMAN, Cybershot and Camcorder – Get the very best of Sony in Xperia smartphones.
Stay connected all summer with this brilliant wireless bundle from Sony – enter our competition for a chance to win Xperia Z Ultra and a bundle of NFC goodies:
Edit your photos, add writing and drawings, then share your work of art straight from Xperia Z Ultra to your Facebook profile with the Sketch app:
Take amazing photos with your smartphone, then use NFC magic to view them later on your BRAVIA TV.
Take your entertainment everywhere – view movies, videos and photos in vivid clarity on the 6.4" screen of Xperia Z Ultra.
Ultra-light, super-slim, and water-resistant, Xperia Tablet Z was built by Sony experts, for life as you know it.
Snap your underwater adventures with Xperia ZR and see them on the bigger screen of Xperia Tablet Z using one-touch sharing.
Snap and share with one-touch functions on Xperia L.
What does colour sound like? Indie bands OK Go and PYYRAMIDS are about to find out in 'Xperia Z vs. The Northern Lights':
Share your Xperia SP content with a single touch using NFC technology.
Xperia L – the Sony smartphone designed for camera lovers.
Favourite songs need to be shared – it's easy with One-touch listening on Xperia SP and Xperia L.
Share content from your Xperia Z to your NFC-enabled BRAVIA TV with One-touch screen mirroring from Sony.
Sensor on lens technology brings the touch panel closer to the display, making Xperia Z's screen more responsive and intuitive.
Experience the best of Sony in a smartphone – Xperia Z. Everything is about to change.
This clever Charging Dock makes it easy to charge your Xperia V without unsealing its protective cover.
Wear your Xperia smartphone on your wrist! Which of these colours would you choose for your Android watch?
Gold coins lead to a 24k gold Xperia P! Follow the clues and you might hit the jackpot – who wants one?
